The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information and financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to this summary, we urge you to read the entire prospectus carefully, especially the risks of investing in our ordinary shares and ADSs discussed under “Risk Factors,” before deciding whether to purchase our ordinary shares or ADSs.    Our Business    We are the leading Chinese language Internet search provider. Our search engine was the most frequently used search engine in China in 2004, according to a survey conducted by Shanghai iResearch Co., Ltd., or iResearch, a market research firm specializing in China’s Internet industry. Our Baidu.com website was the second largest website in China and the sixth largest website globally, as measured by user traffic that reflects page views and reach during the three-month period ended July 31, 2005, according to Alexa.com. We offer a unique Chinese language search platform for both users and customers. Our platform consists of our websites and Baidu Union, which is our network of third-party websites.    Our services are designed to enable Internet search users to find relevant information online, including Chinese language web pages, news, images and multimedia files, through links provided on our websites. We provide our users with easy access to an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images and 10 million multimedia files. We also offer a query-based online community, Baidu Post Bar, which currently consists of over 820,000 message boards.    Our auction-based pay-for-performance, or P4P, services enable our customers to bid for priority placement of their links in keyword search results. We believe we were the first auction-based P4P service provider in China. Our online advertising services allow customers to use both query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertising services, including text links, graphical advertisements and other forms of online advertising. We design and deliver our services to our P4P and tailored solutions customers based on their online marketing requirements. Our P4P customers are those who primarily use our auction-based P4P services, and our tailored solutions customers are those to whom we provide marketing solutions, which may consist of one or more forms of our online advertising services as well as P4P services. In 2004, we had over 34,600 online marketing customers.    Founded in January 2000, we launched Internet search services on our Baidu.com website and began generating revenues from P4P services in September 2001.
We began offering other online marketing services in July 2003. We have grown significantly since we commenced operations. Our total net revenues increased from RMB10.5 million in 2002 to RMB110.9 million (US$13.4 million) in 2004, representing a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 224.6%. In the three months ended March 31, 2005, we generated total net revenues of RMB42.6 million (US$5.2 million).    Our Industry    The Internet search industry in China is evolving rapidly as an increasing number of people seek information, products and services via the Internet.
* A limited liability company incorporated in the PRC    Equity interest    Contractual arrangements including business cooperation agreement, operating agreement, license agreements, proxy agreement and exclusive technology consulting service agreement. For a description of these agreements, see “Corporate Structure—Contractual Arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its Shareholders.”    Contractual arrangements including proxy agreement, equity pledge agreement, option agreement, operating agreement, loan agreement and irrevocable power of attorney. For a description of these agreements, see “Corporate Structure—Contractual Arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its Shareholders.”      The Offering    The following information assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs in the offering, unless otherwise indicated.     Offering price   US$27.00 per ADS     ADSs offered by us   3,208,696 ADSs     ADSs offered by the selling shareholders   831,706 ADSs     Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after this offering   4,344,877 shares     Class B ordinary shares outstanding immediately after this offering   27,973,716 shares     ADSs to Class A ordinary share ratio   Each ADS represents one Class A ordinary share.     Listing   The ADSs have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol “BIDU.” The ordinary shares and the ADSs will not be listed on any other exchange or traded on any other automated quotation system.     Ordinary shares   Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares have the same rights except for voting and conversion rights. Each Class A ordinary share shall be entitled to one vote on all matters subject to shareholders’ vote, and each Class B ordinary share shall be entitled to 10 votes on all matters subject to shareholders’ vote. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares shall be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary shares.     The ADSs   The ADSs will be evidenced by ADRs.      •   The depositary will hold the shares underlying your ADSs. You will have rights as provided in the deposit agreement.      •   We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. If, however, we declare dividends on our ordinary shares, the depositary will pay you the cash dividends and other distributions it receives on our Class A ordinary shares, after deducting its fees and expenses.      •   You may turn in your ADSs to the depositary in exchange for Class A ordinary shares. The depositary will charge you fees for any such exchange.      •   We may amend or terminate the deposit agreement without your consent. If you continue to hold your ADSs, you agree to be bound by the deposit agreement as amended.
(3) As holders of Class A and Class B ordinary shares have the same dividend right and the same participation right in our undistributed earnings, the basic and diluted pro forma earnings per share of Class A and Class B ordinary shares are the same for all the periods presented.    The following table presents a summary of our consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2004 and March 31, 2005:      •   on an actual basis;      •   on a pro forma basis to give effect to the conversion of all of our 11,548,682 outstanding ordinary shares as of March 31, 2005 into 11,548,682 Class B ordinary shares on May 30, 2005 and the automatic conversion of all of our outstanding preferred shares into 16,648,877 Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing of this offering; and      •   on a pro forma as adjusted basis to reflect the conversion of all of our 11,548,682 outstanding ordinary shares as of March 31, 2005 into 11,548,682 Class B ordinary shares on May 30, 2005 and the automatic conversion of all of our outstanding preferred shares into 16,648,877 Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing of this offering, the issuance and sale of 3,208,696 Class A ordinary shares by us in this offering, and the sale of 831,706 Class B ordinary shares by certain selling shareholders in this offering which will convert into 831,706 Class A ordinary shares, at the initial public offering price of US$27.00 per share, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.       