   Our success depends on providing products and services that people use for a high-quality Internet experience. Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in Internet search and online marketing as well as enhancing users’ online experience. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our Internet search technology and our existing products and services and introduce additional high quality products and services to attract and retain users. If we are unable to anticipate user preferences or industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis, we may lose users and customers. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations do not respond to the needs of our users and customers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not effectively brought to market. As search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar to or better than those generated by our search services. This may force us to expend significant resources in order to remain competitive.    If we fail to keep up with rapid technological changes, our future success may be adversely affected.    The online marketing industry is subject to rapid technological changes. Our future success will depend on our ability to respond to rapidly changing technologies, adapt our services to evolving industry standards and improve the performance and reliability of our services. Our failure to adapt to such changes could harm our business. New marketing media could also adversely affect us. For example, the number of people accessing the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile telephones and hand-held devices, has increased in recent years.
We were recently named as a defendant in two copyright infringement suits in China in connection with our MP3 and movie search services, respectively, and the courts have not ruled on these cases. See “Business—Legal Proceedings.” If there is a successful claim of infringement,     we may be required to pay substantial fines and damages or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure to obtain a license of the rights on a timely basis could harm our business. Any intellectual property litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
   We may be subject to patent infringement claims with respect to our P4P platform.    Our technologies and business methods, including those relating to our P4P platform, may be subject to third-party claims or rights that limit or prevent their use. Overture Services Inc., a subsidiary of Yahoo!, had applied for a patent in China relating to a P4P platform prior to our patent application in China covering a P4P platform. We have been advised by East Associates, our special PRC patent counsel, that neither Overture’s nor our patent application (nor any similar patent applications relating to a P4P platform) is likely to be granted in China as a P4P platform is regarded by the Chinese patent authorities to be a business method which is not patentable in China. We have been further advised by East Associates that, as of August 4, 2005, no patents relating to a P4P platform had been issued in China. However, the application and interpretation of China’s patent laws and the procedures and standards for granting patents in China are still evolving and involve a certain degree of uncertainty. We cannot assure you that Overture or any other party would not obtain a patent covering a P4P platform in China. If Overture obtains a patent covering a P4P platform in China, it may seek to bring a claim against us alleging our infringement of its patent rights in China. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in defending against any such claims relating to the P4P platform used by us because Overture’s patent application in China was filed prior to ours and there may be similarities between certain claims covered by the two patent applications.    Moreover, certain U.S.-based companies, including Overture, have been granted patents in the United States relating to P4P platforms or technologies and similar business methods and related technologies. Based on publicly available information, we are aware that Overture has brought a patent infringement claim against Findwhat.com in the United States District Court, Central District of California (Case No. 8:03-cv-00685-CJC-E) related to Overture’s United States Patent No. 6,269,361 entitled “System and Method for Influencing a Position on a Search Result List Generated by a Computer Network Search Engine,” or Patent ’361, and the lawsuit is currently pending at the trial court.
Furthermore, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by China Telecom and China Netcom. If the prices that we pay for telecommunications and Internet services rise significantly, our gross margins could be adversely affected. In addition, if Internet access fees or other charges to Internet users increase, our user traffic may decrease, which in turn may harm our revenues.    Our success depends on the continuing efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel and our business may be harmed if we lose their services.
   The PRC government restricts foreign investment in Internet and advertising businesses. Accordingly, we operate our websites and our online advertising business in China through Baidu Netcom, a company wholly owned by our chairman, chief executive officer and co-founder Robin Yanhong Li and our co-founder Eric Yong Xu, both of whom are PRC citizens. Baidu Netcom holds the licenses and approvals necessary to operate our website and our online advertising business in China. We have contractual arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its shareholders that allow us to substantially control Baidu Netcom. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to enforce these contracts.    Although we believe we comply with current PRC regulations, we cannot assure you that the PRC government would agree that these operating arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. If the PRC government determines that we do not comply with applicable law, it could revoke our business and operating licenses, require us to discontinue or restrict our operations, restrict our right to collect revenues, block our website, require us to restructure our operations, impose additional conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply, impose restrictions on our business operations or on our customers, or take other regulatory or enforcement actions against us that could be harmful to our business.    Our contractual arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its shareholders may not be as effective in providing control over these entities as direct ownership.    Since PRC law limits foreign equity ownership in Internet and advertising companies in China, we operate our ICP and advertising businesses through Baidu Netcom. We have no equity ownership interest in Baidu Netcom and rely on contractual arrangements to control and operate such businesses. These contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over Baidu Netcom as direct ownership. For example, Baidu Netcom could fail to take actions required for our business or fail to maintain our website despite its contractual obligation to do so. If Baidu Netcom fails to perform under their agreements with us, we may have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which may not be effective. In addition, we cannot assure you that either of Baidu Netcom’s shareholders would always act in our best interests.    Our contractual arrangements with Baidu Netcom may result in adverse tax consequences to us.    As a result of our corporate structure and contractual arrangements between Baidu Online and Baidu Netcom, we are effectively subject to the 5% PRC business tax on both revenues generated by Baidu Netcom’s operations in China and revenues derived from Baidu Online’s contractual arrangements with Baidu Netcom.
Moreover, we would be subject to adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities were to determine that the contracts between Baidu Online and Baidu Netcom were not on an arm’s length basis and therefore constitute a favorable transfer pricing. As a result, the PRC tax authorities could request that Baidu Netcom adjust its taxable income upward for PRC tax purposes. Such a pricing adjustment could adversely affect us by:      •   increasing Baidu Netcom’s tax expenses without reducing Baidu Online’s tax expenses, which could subject Baidu Netcom to late payment fees and other penalties for under-payment of taxes; and/or      •   resulting in Baidu Online’s loss of its preferential tax treatment.    The principal shareholder of Baidu Netcom has potential conflicts of interest with us, which may adversely affect our business.    Robin Yanhong Li, our chairman and chief executive officer, is also the principal shareholder of Baidu Netcom. Conflicts of interests between his duties to our company and Baidu Netcom may arise. As Mr. Li is a director and executive officer of our company, he has a duty of loyalty and care to us under Cayman Islands law when there are any potential conflicts of interests between our company and Baidu Netcom. Additionally, Mr. Li has executed an irrevocable power of attorney to appoint the individual designated by us to be his attorney-in-fact to vote on his behalf on all Baidu Netcom matters requiring shareholder approval. We cannot assure you, however, that when conflicts of interest arise, Mr. Li will act completely in our interests or that conflicts of interests will be resolved in our favor. In addition, Mr. Li could violate his employment agreement with us or his legal duties by diverting business opportunities from us to others. If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest between us and Mr. Li, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in the disruption of our business.    Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our principal shareholders and affiliated entities.
   After this offering, our principal shareholders and their affiliated entities will own approximately 72.2% of our outstanding ordinary shares, representing approximately 81.1% of our voting power due to our dual-class ordinary share structure. These shareholders, acting individually or as a group, could exert substantial influence over matters such as electing directors and approving mergers or other business combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and might reduce the price of our ADSs. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders, including those who purchase shares in this offering.    We may be unable to collect long-term loans to the shareholders of Baidu Netcom.    As of March 31, 2005, we had made long-term loans in an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.0 million (US$0.2 million) to the shareholders of Baidu Netcom. We extended these loans to help them fund the initial capitalization of Baidu Netcom.
We may in the future provide additional loans to the shareholders of Baidu Netcom in connection with any increase in the capitalization of Baidu Netcom to the extent necessary and permissible under applicable law. Our ability to ultimately collect these loans will depend on the profitability of Baidu Netcom and its operational needs, which are uncertain.    Risks Related to Doing Business in China    Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could adversely affect our business.    Substantially all of our business operations are conducted in China.
Furthermore, Baidu Online may apply for a refund of the 5% business tax levied on its total revenues derived from its technology consulting services. We also intend to apply for similar preferential tax benefits for our newly established subsidiary, Baidu China, in the near future. If the PRC law were to phase out preferential tax benefits currently granted to “new or high-technology enterprises” and technology consulting services, we would be subject to the standard statutory tax rate, which currently is 33%, and we would be unable to obtain business tax refunds for our provision of technology consulting services. Loss of these preferential tax treatments could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.    Our subsidiaries and Baidu Netcom are subject to restrictions on paying dividends and making other payments to us.    We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and do not have any assets or conduct any business operations other than our investments in our subsidiaries and Baidu Netcom. As a result of our holding company structure, we rely entirely on dividends payments from our subsidiaries in China after they receive payments from Baidu Netcom under various service and other contractual arrangements. However, PRC regulations currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our subsidiaries and affiliated entity in China are also required to set aside a portion of their after-tax profits according to PRC accounting standards and regulations to fund certain reserve funds. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of China. We may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency. See “—Government control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment.” Furthermore, if our subsidiaries or affiliated entity in China incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or either of our subsidiaries is unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations through these contractual or dividend arrangements, we may be unable to pay dividends on our ordinary shares and ADSs.    Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us.    We conduct our business primarily through our subsidiaries and Baidu Netcom. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.    Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China.
   The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. This change in policy has resulted in an approximately 2.0% appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar. While the international reaction to the RMB revaluation has generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar. Our revenues and costs are mostly denominated in RMB, while a significant portion of our financial assets are denominated in U.S. dollars. We rely entirely on dividends and other fees paid to us by our subsidiaries and affiliated entity in China. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues, earnings and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our ADSs in U.S.
Our business is primarily conducted in China and all of our revenues are denominated in RMB. However, periodic reports made to shareholders will include current period amounts translated into U.S. dollars using the then current exchange rates, for the convenience of the readers. The conversion of RMB into U.S. dollars in this prospectus is based on the noon buying rate in The City of New York for cable transfers of RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Unless otherwise noted, all translations from RMB to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to RMB in this prospectus were made at a rate of RMB8.2765 to US$1.00, the noon buying rate in effect as of June 30, 2005. We make no representation that any RMB or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars or RMB, as the case may be, at any particular rate, or at all. The PRC government imposes control over its foreign currency reserves in part through direct regulation of the conversion of RMB into foreign exchange and through restrictions on foreign trade. On August 1, 2005, the noon buying rate was RMB8.1046 to US$1.00.    The following table sets forth information concerning exchange rates between the RMB and the U.S. dollar for the periods indicated.    (1) Annual averages are calculated using the average of month-end rates of the relevant year. Monthly averages are calculated using the average of the daily rates during the relevant period.    ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES    We were incorporated in the Cayman Islands in order to enjoy the following benefits:      •   political and economic stability;      •   an effective judicial system;      •   a favorable tax system;      •   the absence of exchange control or currency restrictions; and      •   the availability of professional and support services.    However, there are certain disadvantages of being incorporated in the Cayman Islands. These disadvantages include:      •   the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and these securities laws provide significantly less protection to investors; and      •   Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.    Our constituent documents do not contain provisions requiring that disputes, including those arising under the securities laws of the United States, between us, our officers, directors and shareholders, be arbitrated.    Substantially all of our operations are conducted in China, and substantially all of our assets are located in China. A majority of our officers are nationals or residents of jurisdictions other than the United States and a substantial portion of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for a shareholder to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons, or to enforce against us or them judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.
   We incurred share-based compensation expenses of RMB16.5 million (US$2.0 million) and RMB6.1 million (US$0.7 million) in 2004 and the three months ended March 31, 2005, respectively. As of March 31, 2005, we had accumulated losses of approximately RMB44.6 million (US$5.4 million). We first attained profitability in the quarter ended March 31, 2004, but experienced net losses prior to that period. We do not account for our results of operations on a geographic or other basis, and we are unable to allocate costs among our various products and services.     PRC law currently limits foreign ownership of companies that provide Internet content and advertising services. To comply with these foreign ownership restrictions, we operate our websites and provide online advertising services in China through Baidu Netcom, a PRC limited liability company wholly owned by our co-founder and chief executive officer, Robin Yanhong Li, and our co-founder, Eric Yong Xu, both of whom are PRC citizens. Baidu Netcom holds the licenses and approvals necessary to operate our websites and provide online advertising services in China. We have contractual arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its shareholders that enable us to substantially control Baidu Netcom. Accordingly, we consolidate Baidu Netcom’s results in our financial statements. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see “Corporate Structure—Contractual Arrangements with Baidu Netcom and its Shareholders.”    Our limited operating history makes it difficult to predict future results of operations and, therefore, our recent revenue growth should not be taken as an indication of the rate of revenue growth, if any, that can be expected in the future. In addition, our limited operating history provides us with a limited historical basis to assess the impact of our critical accounting policies.    Revenues    In 2004, we generated total revenues of RMB117.5 million (US$14.2 million), of which RMB106.9 million (US$12.9 million), or 91.0%, was derived from our online marketing services. In the three months ended March 31, 2005, we generated total revenues of RMB45.7 million (US$5.5 million), of which RMB43.0 million (US$5.2 million), or 94.2%, was derived from our online marketing services.
   For the year ended December 31, 2004 and for the three months ended March 31, 2005, our total net revenues amounted to RMB110.9 million (US$13.4 million) and RMB42.6 million (US$5.2 million), respectively. Our total net revenues are net of PRC business taxes and related surcharges. Baidu Online’s revenues are subject to a 5% business tax. Baidu Netcom’s revenues are subject to a 5% business tax rate, as well as an additional 3% surcharge. We deduct these amounts from our gross revenues to arrive at our total net revenues.    Since PRC laws and regulations related to advertising do not currently classify P4P as a form of advertising, we operate our P4P services through Baidu Online, which does not hold an advertising license. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government authorities will not classify P4P as a form of advertising in the future. If new regulations characterize P4P as a form of advertising, we may have to conduct our P4P business through Baidu Netcom. This would increase the applicable tax rates to our revenues, as revenues from online advertising services provided by Baidu Netcom are subject to an additional 3% surcharge. Any change in the classification of P4P by the PRC government authorities could cause significant disruption to our business operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure—If the PRC government were to classify P4P services as a form of advertising, we may have to conduct our P4P business through Baidu Netcom, which would increase our effective tax rate, and we might be subject to sanctions and required to pay delinquent taxes.”    Revenue Composition    We currently derive revenues primarily from three sources:      •   online marketing services, which accounted for 38.9%, 78.3%, 91.0% and 94.2% of our total revenues in 2002, 2003, 2004 and the three months ended March 31, 2005, respectively;       •   enterprise search software and related services, which accounted for 15.6%, 6.9%, 6.8% and 4.5% of our total revenues in 2002, 2003, 2004 and the three months ended March 31, 2005, respectively; and       •   portal search services, which accounted for 45.5%, 14.8%, 2.2% and 1.3% of our total revenues in 2002, 2003, 2004 and the three months ended March 31, 2005, respectively.
   In February 2005, we acquired Qilang’s distribution business. At the time of the acquisition, Qilang was the largest distributor of our P4P services in Shanghai. Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, we agreed to pay a purchase price in cash consisting of a fixed payment totaling RMB10.0 million (US$1.2 million) and a variable amount contingent upon the satisfaction of certain performance benchmarks. The maximum purchase price payable by us will not exceed RMB37.0 million (US$4.5 million). We have agreed to pay the purchase price in several installments. We paid the first RMB7.0 million (US$0.8 million) in February 2005. We are obligated to pay an additional RMB3.0 million (US$0.4 million) by September 30, 2005 and make two additional payments within 30 days after Qilang’s audited annual financial results for 2005 and 2006 become available. In connection with our acquisition, over 100 Qilang’s employees, including certain key management personnel, have become our employees. We accounted for the transaction using the purchase accounting method and have begun consolidating the results of the acquired business into our consolidated financial statements since February 21, 2005. The incremental fixed cost resulting from the Qilang acquisition, particularly in connection with the addition of over 100 employees, is approximately US$30,000 per month immediately after the acquisition, mainly consisting of employee base salary and benefits, office rental, utilities and other fixed office expenses.
During the audits of our consolidated financial statements for the three years ended December 31, 2004, our independent auditors identified a number of significant deficiencies, as defined in the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board’s Audit Standard No. 2. The significant deficiencies identified by our independent auditors consist of: (i) the lack of a consolidated manual for accounting policies and procedures relating to financial reporting, without which it would be difficult for our accounting and finance personnel to apply proper procedures and controls to transactions; (ii) inadequate approval procedures that involve accounting personnel in approving or amending the terms of contracts which may lead to transactions not properly reflected in the books and records; (iii) the lack of comprehensive credit control policies and procedures to monitor credits provided to customers which may lead to unauthorized credits provided to customers; and (iv) the lack of comprehensive checklists and procedures to address the pre-acquisition due diligence process and the accounting for business combinations, without which it would be difficult for us to reach a conclusion on proper accounting treatment for any acquisition in the most efficient manner.    We plan to remediate such deficiencies by the end of 2005. We are implementing the following measures to remediate the deficiencies: (i) codification and development of a comprehensive accounting policies and     procedures manual to guide the day-to-day operations of accounting and finance personnel and the related training on the policies and procedures; (ii) development of formal sign off procedures to ensure the involvement of accounting personnel on contract approval and amendment process and providing training to the relevant operating personnel; (iii) establishment of a comprehensive credit risk management system for advertising services and enterprises software services customers; (iv) development and implementation of a comprehensive checklist to address all the pre-acquisition due diligence process and the accounting issues in connection with business combinations; (v) hiring and training of personnel as required to implement the relevant policies and procedures; and (vi) establishment of an internal audit function to implement our polices and procedures.    In addition, under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we are in the process of conducting further evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting for compliance with the requirements of Section 404 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In this regard, we have engaged an advisor to assist us in evaluating, designing, implementing and testing internal control over financial reporting intended to comply with the requirements of Section 404. As we are still in the evaluation process, we may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them. We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed.
(2) Based on the price of the Series C preferred shares that we issued and sold to third parties for cash and third-party cash transactions of our ordinary shares.
Three Months Ended March 31, 2005 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, Revenues. Our total net revenues increased by 148.6% from RMB17.2 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB42.6 million (US$5.2 million) in the first quarter of 2005. This increase was primarily due to a substantial increase in our revenues from online marketing services and, to a lesser extent, an increase in our revenues from enterprise search software and related services. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in our revenues from portal search services.
•    Online Marketing Services. Our online marketing revenues increased by 174.1% from RMB15.7 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB43.0 million (US$5.2 million) in the first quarter of 2005. This increase was primarily due to our customers’ increased use of online marketing as a means to promote their products and services, as evidenced by the growth of our customer base and the increase in the     average online marketing revenue per customer. The number of our online marketing customers increased from 13,879 in the first quarter of 2004 to 31,768 in the first quarter of 2005, mainly due to our more effective distribution network. The average online marketing revenue per customer increased from RMB1,131 in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB1,354 (US$163.6) in the first quarter of 2005, resulting primarily from (i) more intense competitive bidding for keywords reflecting the expansion of our P4P customer base, and (ii) the increase in the number of larger, higher-spending online advertising customers.      •   Enterprise Search Software and Related Services. Revenues from our enterprise search software and related services increased by 47.0% from RMB1.4 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB2.1 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005. This increase was primarily due to increased sales of enterprise search software and performance of related services, as the case may be, during the period.
•   Portal Search Services. Our portal search revenues decreased 33.0% from RMB0.9 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB0.6 million (US$0.1 million) in the first quarter of 2005, primarily due to a decrease in the number of portal search customers.    Total Operating Costs and Expenses. Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 146.1% from RMB16.2 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB39.9 million (US$4.8 million) in the first quarter of 2005.
This increase was primarily due to increases in our cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, and, to a lesser extent, increases in our research and development expenses and share-based compensation expenses.      •   Cost of Revenues. Our cost of revenues increased by 118.7% from RMB5.7 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB12.6 million (US$1.5 million) in the first quarter of 2005.
This increase was primarily due to substantial increases in bandwidth costs and depreciation expenses of servers and other equipment, and, to a lesser extent, increased traffic acquisition costs and salaries and benefits for our operating and technical support personnel.      •   Traffic Acquisition Costs. Our traffic acquisition costs increased by 12.7% from RMB2.1 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB2.3 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005. This increase is attributable to the increased number of click-throughs by users from our Baidu Union websites. The increase was partially offset by our acquisition of the domain name Hao123.com, which was the largest traffic contributor among our Baidu Union members at the time of our acquisition in August 2004. Following the acquisition, Hao123.com became one of our websites, and we no longer incurred traffic acquisition costs in connection with the revenues generated from click-throughs by users of Hao123.com.      •   Bandwidth Costs. Our bandwidth costs increased by 189.7% from RMB1.3 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB3.8 million (US$0.5 million) in the first quarter of 2005, as a result of increased bandwidth we purchased to support increased traffic on our Baidu.com website and on the Hao123.com website, which became our organic traffic beginning in August 2004.      •   Depreciation Expenses of Servers and Other Equipment. Our depreciation expenses of servers and other computer hardware increased by 193.1% from RMB1.3 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB3.7 million (US$0.4 million) in the first quarter of 2005, as we acquired more servers and computer hardware to meet higher user traffic and accommodate our growing online marketing services business.
•   Operational Expenses. Our operational expenses increased by 148.5% from RMB1.1 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB2.7 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005, primarily due to the increase in the number of our operating and technical support employees to meet the needs of our growing operations.    •   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Our selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 169.6% from RMB5.8 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB15.7 million (US$1.9 million) in the first quarter of 2005. This increase was primarily due to the following factors:      •   a substantial increase in our marketing and promotional expenses from RMB0.2 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB2.4 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005;      •   an increase in total salaries and benefits for our sales and marketing personnel from RMB2.0 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB3.5 million (US$0.4 million) in the first quarter of 2005, primarily due to (i) the increased amount of sales commissions reflecting higher direct sales of our online marketing services achieved by our sales and marketing team and (ii) the increase in the number of sales and marketing personnel; and      •   a substantial increase in total salaries and benefits for our increased number of general and administrative personnel from RMB1.5 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB3.8 million (US$0.5 million) in the first quarter of 2005.      •   Research and Development Expenses. Our research and development expenses increased by 169.6% from RMB2.0 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB5.5 million (US$0.7 million) in the first quarter of 2005, primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits for our research and development personnel as a result of increased headcount.      •   Share-based Compensation Expenses. Our share-based compensation expenses increased by 135.6% from RMB2.6 million in the first quarter of 2004 to RMB6.1 million (US$0.7 million) in the first quarter of 2005, primarily due to the increased number of share options granted to employees in the first quarter of 2005.    Operating Profit. As a result of the foregoing, we generated an operating profit of RMB2.7 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005, compared to RMB0.9 million in the first quarter of 2004.    Taxation. Our income tax expenses were RMB1.0 million (US$0.1 million) in the first quarter of 2005, but we did not have any income tax expenses in the first quarter of 2004. We did not recognize deferred tax assets in the first quarter of 2004 because it was more likely than not that these deferred tax assets would not be recognized.    Net Income. As a result of the foregoing, we had net income of RMB2.5 million (US$0.3 million) in the first quarter of 2005, compared to RMB1.0 million in the first quarter of 2004.    Year Ended December 31, 2004 Compared to Year Ended December 31, Revenues.
Our total net revenues increased by 187.0% from RMB38.6 million in 2003 to RMB110.9 million (US$13.4 million) in 2004. This increase was primarily due to a substantial increase in our revenues from online marketing services, and, to a lesser extent, an increase in our revenues from enterprise search software and related services.      •    Online Marketing Services. Our online marketing revenues increased by 236.3% from RMB31.8 million in 2003 to RMB106.9 million (US$12.9 million) in 2004. This increase was mainly attributable to our customers’ increased use of online marketing as a means to promote their products and services, as evidenced by the increase in the number of online marketing customers from over 24,700 in 2003 to over 34,600 in 2004, and, to a lesser extent, the increase in the average revenue per customer from approximately RMB1,282 in 2003 to approximately RMB3,083 (US$372.5) in 2004. The increase in our online marketing customers was mainly due to our more effective distribution network. The increase     in the average revenue per customer was primarily attributable to (i) more intense competitive bidding for keywords reflecting the expansion of our P4P customer base and (ii) the increase in the number of larger, higher-spending online advertising customers.      •   Enterprise Search Software and Related Services. Revenues from our enterprise search software and related services increased by 183.9% from RMB2.8 million in 2003 to RMB8.0 million (US$1.0 million) in 2004. This increase was primarily due to the recognition of revenues from the enterprise search-related service contracts which we entered into in 2003 but fully performed in 2004. The increase was also partially attributable to the increase in the average revenue per contract for our enterprise search software products and related services, which resulted partly from our introduction of a higher-priced enterprise search software product.
We are a holding company with no operations of our own. We conduct our operations primarily through our indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Baidu Online, and our variable interest entity, Baidu Netcom. As a result, our ability to pay dividends and to finance any debt we may incur depends upon dividends paid by Baidu Online and license and service fees paid by Baidu Netcom. If Baidu Online or any newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividend to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC law, Baidu Netcom and Baidu Online are required to set aside at least 10% of their after-tax profit each year to fund a statutory reserve until the amount of the reserve reaches 50% of such entity’s registered capital. Although these statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, these reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements.    Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements    We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us.    Inflation    Since our inception, inflation in China has not materially impacted our results of operations. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the change of consumer price index in China was (0.8%), 1.2% and 3.9% in 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk    Interest Rate Risk    Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest income generated by excess cash invested in demand deposits and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. We have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. However, our future interest income may be lower than expected due to changes in market interest rates.    Foreign Exchange Risk    Substantially all of our revenues and costs are denominated in RMB, while a significant portion of our financial assets are denominated in U.S. dollars.
According to iResearch, the number of SMEs in China is estimated to reach 24.8 million by the end of 2006. iResearch also forecasts that the number of SMEs adopting some form of online marketing will grow from 410,000 in 2004 to 680,000 in 2006, representing a CAGR of 28.8%. SMEs are generally more likely to adopt paid search as a marketing medium given their relatively modest budgets. Paid search allows SMEs to maximize the return on their spending by reaching potential consumers that they otherwise may not be able to reach cost-effectively.    Reliance on Distributors. China’s paid search market relies heavily on distributors to acquire customers, collect payments and provide customer service. This is in part due to the large, fragmented and less sophisticated SME customer base, which is at an early stage of adopting paid search as a marketing medium. Moreover, since secure online payment and credit card systems are at early stages of development in China, distributors serve as an effective channel to collect payments from customers.    Our Strengths    We focus on providing Chinese language Internet search and related services.
Our services are designed to enable our users to find relevant information efficiently online and to enable our customers to reach these users cost-effectively. We believe that our leading position in China is primarily attributable to the following strengths:    Largest Chinese Language Search Audience.
Through Baidu Post Bar, users can search, read and browse Internet message boards and post messages to other members of the community. Baidu Post Bar contains over 820,000 message boards covering a broad range of topics and interest areas, such as society, technology, sports, entertainment and fashion.    Baidu News. Baidu News provides links to an extensive selection of local, national and international news from approximately 1,000 selected sources and presents news stories in a searchable format, typically within minutes of their publication on the web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Baidu News is typically updated every three to six minutes throughout the day.    Other Baidu Products. We are continuously developing and introducing new products to make Baidu.com more attractive to our users. We recently launched Baidu Movie Search, a subscription-based service, which allows users to search movies by keywords or by various categories and provides links to an extensive collection of movies hosted on the websites of certain well-known PRC media companies. These media companies have represented to us that they have valid licenses to distribute the movies on their websites. We have agreed to share with each such media company, pursuant to a pre-agreed rate, the net payment received from our users based on the number of clicks on links to movie titles provided by the media company during a given period.    We recently introduced two new free, downloadable software tools, including Baidu Desktop Search, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a web browser, and Baidu Sobar, which, once installed, shows up on a computer’s tool bar and makes our search function readily available on every web page that a user browses.    Our Customers    Online Marketing. We serve a broad online marketing customer base consisting of SMEs throughout China, large domestic corporations and Chinese divisions or subsidiaries of large, multinational corporations. We have a diverse customer base in terms of industries and geographical locations. The industries in which our customers operate include e-commerce, information technology services, consumer products, manufacturing, health care, entertainment, financial services, real estate and other industries. Although we have customers located throughout China, we have a more active and larger customer base in coastal regions, reflecting the current general economic demographics in China.    Our online marketing customers are increasingly seeking marketing solutions with measurable results in order to maximize their ROI. In response to this trend, we manage our sales activities for our online marketing services around two key customer categories: P4P customers and tailored solutions customers.      •   P4P Customers – Our P4P customers are those who primarily use our auction-based P4P services. They are generally SMEs with modest marketing budgets, and, as a result, require cost-effective online marketing solutions to reach their potential customers. Our P4P platform allows them, directly or through our distributors, to easily manage their online marketing spending on a prepaid basis.
•   Tailored Solutions Customers – Our tailored solutions customers generally seek solutions to meet certain pre-determined performance metrics, such as number of click-throughs, duration of placement, number of converted users and number of telephone calls. They are generally medium and large enterprises with dedicated online marketing budgets. Depending on their objectives and desired end results, we design customized performance-based solutions comprising of P4P, fixed ranking and other query and non-query sensitive marketing services.    Other Products and Services. Our enterprise search software customers mainly consist of large enterprises and government agencies in China. Our portal search customers consist of selected Chinese Internet portals. We intend to discontinue our portal search services in the near future.    Products and Services for Customers    We focus on providing customers with cost-effective and targeted marketing solutions. We generate revenues primarily from online marketing services and, to a lesser extent, sales of enterprise search software and portal search services.     Online Marketing Services    P4P. Our P4P platform enables our customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers may use our automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their web page information and link. Our P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that allows customers to activate their accounts at any time.    Our P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid, or pay a fixed fee per click-through, for priority placement in the search results. We offer varying discounts to distributors in consideration for their distribution of our P4P services. Links to customers’ websites are listed in descending order of customers’ bids, with the highest bidder appearing as the first search result. Customers may choose to set a daily limit on the amount spent and may also choose to target only users accessing our website from specified regions in China. Customers can see the competing bids on the same keywords, enabling each customer to determine the bid required to achieve a desired ranking. This transparent bidding process creates competition among customers.
Our user base has grown primarily through word-of-mouth. We focus on continuously improving the quality of our products and services as we believe satisfied users and customers are more likely to recommend our products and services to others. Through these efforts and the increased use of the Internet in China, we have built our brand with modest marketing expenditures.
Our techniques enable us to understand web page content, delete extraneous data, build link structures, identify duplicate and junk pages and decide whether to include or exclude a web page based on its quality. Our techniques can process millions of web pages quickly. In addition, our anti-spamming algorithms and tools can identify and respond to spamming web pages quickly and effectively.    Web Crawling Techniques. Our powerful computer clusters and intelligent scheduling algorithms allow us to crawl Chinese web pages efficiently. We can easily scale up our system to collect billions of Chinese web pages. Our spider technology enables us to refresh web indices at intervals ranging from every few minutes to every few weeks. We set the index refresh frequency rate based on our knowledge of Internet search users’ needs and the nature of the information. For example, our news index is typically updated every three to six minutes throughout the day given the importance of timely information for news. We also mine multimedia and other forms of files from web page repositories.    Chinese Language Processing Techniques. We analyze and understand Chinese web pages by processing word-segmentation and utilizing an encoding method based on Chinese language characteristics. For example, we can identify Chinese names on a web page. When a user searches for a person based on the person’s Chinese name, we can display the web pages that are specifically related to that person. We also mine user behavior and search interests from our large search query logs. We provide additional web search features such as advanced search, spell check and search by Chinese phonetics (Pinyin).    P4P Technology    Our P4P platform serves millions of relevant, targeted sponsored links each day based on search terms users enter or content they view on the web page.
Our key P4P technology includes:    P4P Auction System. We use a web-based auction system to enable customers to bid for positions and automatically deliver relevant, targeted promotional links on Baidu.com and Baidu Union members’ websites. The system starts by screening the relevance between the keywords bid on by a customer and the sponsored links to ensure that the sponsored links are relevant to particular user queries. Then the system automatically     determines the ranking of sponsored links based on the amounts the bidders are willing to pay. For determination of cost per click, or CPC, the system allows customers to set fixed CPCs or choose an automatic price reducing mechanism which automatically lowers the CPC to the minimum needed to maintain the desired position.    P4P Billing system. We record every click and charge customers a fee by multiplying the number of clicks by the CPC.
   Internet, technology and media companies are frequently involved in litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in China and abroad is uncertain and evolving and could involve substantial risks to us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We may face intellectual property infringement claims and other related claims, particularly in light of the recent Grokster decision, that could be time-consuming and costly to defend and may result in our inability to continue providing certain of our existing services” and “—We may be subject to patent infringement claims with respect to our P4P platform.”    Employees    We had 109, 159 and 349 employees as of December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively. As of June 30, 2005, we had 750 employees, including 74 in management and administration, 234 in research and development and 321 in sales and marketing. We also hire temporary employees and contractors from time to time. We have developed a strong company culture that encourages individual thinking and creativity, continuous self-improvement and strong commitment to providing the best experience to our users and customers. In addition, we provide share options to our employees to align their interests more closely with our shareholders’ interests.    Facilities    Our principal executive offices are located on premises comprising approximately 5,800 square meters in Beijing, China. We have regional offices in Shanghai and Shenzhen. We lease our premises from unrelated third parties. Our servers are hosted at the Internet data centers of China Telecom and China Netcom in Beijing. We believe that we will be able to obtain adequate facilities, principally through the leasing of appropriate properties, to accommodate our future expansion plans.    Legal Proceedings    From time to time, we are involved in litigation or other disputes regarding copyright and trademark infringement, defamation and unfair competition. Our search results provide links to materials, and our Baidu Post Bar may contain messages, in which others may allege to own copyrights, trademarks or image rights or which others may claim to be defamatory or objectionable. We have received notice letters from third parties asserting copyright and trademark infringement, unfair competition and defamation claims against us. In particular, we have received, and expect to continue to receive, such notice letters with respect to our MP3 search service from organizations or counsel purporting to represent music studios and record companies, including certain global U.S.-based companies.    We have been involved in several cases of unfair competition litigation in Beijing against Beijing 3721 Science and Technology Co., Ltd., an Internet search provider affiliated with Yahoo!.    On December 20, 2004, the Haidian District People’s Court in Beijing issued an injunctive order against Beijing 3721 in an unfair competition lawsuit brought by us. The court found that Beijing 3721 had provided misleading warnings to its users for purposes of deterring these users from downloading and using Baidu’s web search tools, and held that this act constituted unfair competition. Beijing 3721 has appealed the trial court’s order and the case is pending at the appellate court.
The regulations further authorize the relevant telecommunications authorities to order ICP operators to rectify unauthorized disclosure. ICP operators are subject to legal liability if the unauthorized disclosure results in damages or losses to users. The PRC government, however, has the power and authority to order ICP operators to turn over personal information if an Internet user posts any prohibited content or engages in illegal activities on the Internet.    Regulations on Foreign Exchange    Foreign Currency Exchange    Pursuant to the Foreign Currency Administration Rules promulgated in 1996 and amended in 1997 and various regulations issued by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, and other relevant PRC government authorities, RMB is freely convertible only to the extent of current account items, such as trade related receipts and payments, interest and dividends. Capital account items, such as direct equity investments, loans and repatriation of investment, require prior approval from the SAFE or its provincial branch for conversion of RMB into a foreign currency, such as U.S. dollars, and remittance of the foreign currency outside the PRC.    Payments for transactions that take place within the PRC must be made in RMB. Unless otherwise approved, PRC companies must repatriate foreign currency payments received from abroad. Foreign-invested     enterprises may retain foreign exchange in accounts with designated foreign exchange banks subject to a cap set by SAFE or its local counterpart. Unless otherwise approved, domestic enterprises must convert all of their foreign currency receipts into RMB.    Dividend Distribution    The principal regulations governing dividend distributions by wholly foreign-owned enterprises and Sino-foreign equity joint ventures include:      •   Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law (1986), as amended;      •   Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law Implementing Rules (1990), as amended;      •   Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law (1979), as amended; and      •   Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law Implementing Rules (1983), as amended.    Under these regulations, wholly foreign-owned enterprises and Sino-foreign equity joint ventures in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, these foreign-invested enterprises are required to set aside certain amounts of their accumulated profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.    MANAGEMENT    Executive Officers and Directors    The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this prospectus.     Directors and Executive Officers    Age     Position/Title  Robin Yanhong Li    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Shawn Wang    Chief Financial Officer  David Hongbo Zhu    Chief Operating Officer  Jerry Jianguo Liu    Vice President of Engineering  Dong Liang    Vice President of Marketing  James Ding (1)    Independent Director  Jixun Foo    Director  Asad Jamal    Director  Greg Penner (2)    Independent Director  Scott Walchek    Director (1) Mr. Ding has been appointed as our independent director, effective immediately prior to the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form F-1, of which this prospectus is a part.
offering. Percentage of beneficial ownership of each listed person prior to the offering is based on 29,109,897 shares outstanding as of July 31, 2005, including ordinary shares convertible from our outstanding preferred shares, as well as the number of shares underlying options held by such person as of that date. Percentage of beneficial ownership of each listed person after the offering is based on 32,318,593 shares outstanding immediately after the closing of this offering and the number of shares underlying options held by such person as of that date.    (4) Includes 116,667 Class B ordinary shares and 83,333 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Li, 5,490,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Handsome Reward Limited, a company wholly owned and controlled by Mr. Li, and 1,830,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Melissa Ma, Mr. Li’s wife. The business address for Mr. Li is Baidu.com, Inc., Ideal International Plaza, 12/F, No. 58 West-North 4th Ring, Beijing, 100080, PRC.    (5) Includes 3,000,000 preferred shares held by Integrity Partners IV, LLC and 202,399 preferred shares held by Integrity Partners V, LLC. Scott Walchek is a managing member of Integrity Partners IV, LLC and Integrity Partners V, LLC, and has shared voting and dispositive power over all the shares held by Integrity Partners. Scott Walchek disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The business address for Scott Walchek is 50 Oak Ct., Suite 110, Danville, California 94526, U.S.A.    (6) Includes 2,953,403 preferred shares held by Peninsula Capital Fund I, LLC. Greg Penner is the sole manager of Peninsula Capital Fund I, LLC, and has sole voting and dispositive power over all the shares held by Peninsula Capital Fund I, LLC. Greg Penner disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The business address for Greg Penner is 3000 Sand Hill Road, Building 2, Suite 150, Menlo Park, California 94025, U.S.A.    (7) Includes 232,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Yoyue.com Inc., a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned and controlled by Mr. Liu, 43,416 Class B ordinary shares held by Mr.
Liu, and 52,584 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Liu. The business address for Mr. Liu is Baidu.com, Inc., Ideal International Plaza, 12/F, No. 58 West-North 4th Ring, Beijing, 100080, PRC.    (8) Includes 322,488 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Wang. The business address for Mr. Wang is Baidu.com, Inc., Ideal International Plaza, 12/F, No. 58 West-North 4th Ring, Beijing, 100080, PRC.    (9) Includes 171,249 Class B ordinary shares and 138,751 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Zhu. The business address for Mr. Zhu is Baidu.com, Inc., Ideal International Plaza, 12/F, No. 58 West-North 4th Ring, Beijing, 100080, PRC.
  (10) Includes 120,000 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of options held by Mr. Liang. The business address for Mr. Liang is Baidu.com, Inc., Ideal International Plaza, 12/F, No. 58 West-North 4th Ring, Beijing, 100080, PRC.    (11) Includes ordinary shares, preferred shares and ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of all options held by all of our directors and executive officers as a group.
All of our outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable. Certificates representing the ordinary shares are issued in registered form. Our shareholders who are nonresidents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their shares.
   Dividends. The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors subject to the Companies Law.    Conversion. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder (as defined in our articles of incorporation), such Class B ordinary shares shall be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary shares. In addition, if at any time our chairman and chief executive officer, Robin Yanhong Li, and his affiliates collectively own less than 5% of the total number of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares, each issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share shall be automatically and immediately converted into one share of Class A ordinary share, and we shall not issue any Class B ordinary shares thereafter.    Voting Rights. All of our shareholders have the right to receive notice of shareholders’ meetings and to attend, speak and vote at such meetings. In respect of matters requiring shareholders’ vote, each Class A ordinary share is entitled to one vote, and each Class B ordinary share is entitled to 10 votes. A shareholder may participate at a shareholders’ meeting in person, by proxy or by telephone conference or other communications equipment by means of which all the shareholders participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. A poll may be demanded by our chairman or any shareholder holding at least 50% of the issued shares of a class given a right to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy.    A quorum for a shareholders’ meeting consists of at least two shareholders present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative. Shareholders’ meetings are held annually and may only be convened by our board of directors on its own initiative. Advance notice of at least five days is required for the convening of our annual general meeting and other shareholders’ meetings.    An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes attaching to the ordinary shares cast in a general meeting, while a special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than two-thirds of the votes cast attaching to the ordinary shares cast in a general meeting. A special resolution is required for matters such as a change of name. Holders of the ordinary shares may effect certain changes by ordinary resolution, including altering the amount of our authorized share capital, consolidating and dividing all or any of our share capital into shares of larger amount than our existing share capital and canceling any shares.
   Transfer of Shares. Subject to the restrictions of our memorandum and articles of association, as applicable, any of our shareholders may transfer any or all of his or her ordinary shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or any other form approved by our board of directors.    Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, decline to register any transfer of any ordinary share which is not fully paid up or on which we have a lien. Our directors may also decline to register any transfer of any ordinary share unless (1) the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary shares to which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer; (2) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of ordinary shares; (3) in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the ordinary share is to be transferred does not exceed four; (4) the shares conceded are free of any lien in favor of us; and (5) a fee of such maximum sum as the Nasdaq National Market may determine to be payable, or such lesser sum as our board of directors may from time to time require, has been paid to us in respect thereof.    If our directors refuse to register a transfer they shall, within two months after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged, send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal. The registration of transfers may, on 14 days’ notice being given by advertisement in such one or more newspapers or by electronic means, be suspended and the register closed at such times and for such periods as our board of directors may from time to time determine, provided, however, that the registration of transfers shall not be suspended nor the register closed for more than 45 days in any year.    Liquidation. On a return of capital on winding up or otherwise (other than on conversion, redemption or purchase of shares), assets available for distribution among the holders of ordinary shares shall be distributed among the holders of the ordinary shares on a pro rata basis. If our assets available for distribution are insufficient to repay all of the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses are borne by our shareholders proportionately.
   Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares. Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon shareholders for any amounts unpaid on their shares in a notice served to such shareholders at least 14 days prior to the specified time and place of payment. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid on the specified time are subject to forfeiture.    Redemption of Shares. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, we may issue shares on terms that are subject to redemption, at our option or at the option of the holders, on such terms and in such manner as may be determined by special resolution.    Variations of Rights of Shares. All or any of the special rights attached to any class of shares may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, be varied either with the written consent of the holders of a majority of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a general meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.    Inspection of Books and Records.
Holders of our ordinary shares will have no general right under Cayman Islands law to inspect or obtain copies of our list of shareholders or our corporate records. However, we will provide our shareholders with annual audited financial statements.
•   Rights to purchase additional shares. If we offer holders of our securities any rights to subscribe for additional shares or any other rights, the depositary may make these rights available to you. If the depositary decides it is not legal and practical to make the rights available but that it is practical to sell the rights, the depositary may sell the rights and distribute the proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. The depositary will allow rights that are not distributed or sold to lapse. In that case, you will receive no value for them.    If the depositary makes rights available to you, it will exercise the rights and purchase the shares on your behalf. The depositary will then deposit the shares and deliver ADSs to you. It will only exercise rights if you pay it the exercise price and any other charges the rights require you to pay.    U.S. securities laws may restrict transfers and cancellation of the ADSs represented by shares purchased upon exercise of rights. For example, you may not be able to trade these ADSs freely in the United States. In this case, the depositary may deliver restricted depositary shares that have the same terms as the ADRs described in this section except for changes needed to put the necessary restrictions in place.      •   Other distributions. The depositary will send to you anything else we distribute on deposited securities by any means it thinks is legal, fair and practical. If it cannot make the distribution in that way, the depositary has a choice. It may decide to sell what we distributed and distribute the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash. Or, it may decide to hold what we distributed, in which case ADSs will also represent the newly distributed property. However, the depositary is not required to distribute any securities (other than ADSs) to you unless it receives satisfactory evidence from us that it is legal to make that distribution.
   The depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any ADR holders. We have no obligation to register ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADRs, shares, rights or anything else to ADR holders. This means that you may not receive the distributions we make on our shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you.    Deposit and Withdrawal    How are ADSs issued?    The depositary will deliver ADSs if you or your broker deposits shares or evidence of rights to receive shares with the custodian. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will register the appropriate number of ADSs in the names you request and will deliver the ADRs at its office to the persons you request.    How do ADS holders cancel an ADR and obtain shares?    You may surrender your ADRs at the depositary’s office. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will deliver the shares and any other deposited securities underlying the ADR to you or a person you designate at the office of the custodian. Or, at your request, risk and expense, the depositary will deliver the deposited securities to its office, if feasible.
The cash, shares or other securities received by the depositary will become deposited securities. Each ADS will automatically represent its equal share of the new deposited securities.   The depositary may distribute some or all of the cash, shares or other securities it receives. It may also deliver new ADRs or ask you to surrender your outstanding ADRs in exchange for new ADRs identifying the new deposited securities.
Holders of ADSs, of foreign tax credits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such actions would also be inconsistent with the claiming of the reduced rate of tax applicable to dividends received by certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, as described below. Accordingly, the availability of the reduced tax rate for dividends received by certain non-corporate U.S. Holders could be affected by future actions that may be taken by the U.S. Treasury or parties to whom ADSs are pre-released.
dollars” are to the legal currency of the United States; and      •   all discrepancies in any table between the amounts identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding.    BAIDU.COM, INC.     INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         Page   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes of Shareholders’ Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and F-7 Unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements      Condensed consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2004 and March 31, F-34 Condensed consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2004 and F-35 Condensed consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2004 and F-36 Condensed consolidated Statements of Changes of Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended March 31, F-37 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements    F-F-REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    To the Board of Directors and Shareholders  Baidu.com, Inc.    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Baidu.com, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2003 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
   In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Baidu.com, Inc. as of December 31, 2003 and 2004 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.        /s/ Ernst & Young  Hong Kong  April 29, F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)       The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share  data)       The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi(“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”))       The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES OF SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share  data)    * Amount less than RMBThe accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless otherwise  indicated)    1.
Baidu.com, Inc. (“Baidu.com” or the “Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on January 18, 2000. The Company offers Internet search solutions and online marketing solutions, develops and markets scaleable web application software and provides related services. The Company’s principal geographic market is in the Peoples Republic of China (“PRC”).
The Company does not conduct any substantive operations of its own and conduct its primary business operations through its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd (“Baidu Online”) and its variable interest entity (“VIE”) Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co. Ltd (“Baidu Netcom”).      Baidu Online was incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 18, 2000 and Baidu Netcom was incorporated under the laws of the PRC on June 5, 2001.      Chinese laws and regulations prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of Internet content and advertising business. To comply with these foreign ownership restrictions, the Company operates its websites and provides online advertising services in the PRC through Baidu Netcom, a PRC legal entity, which was established in 2001 by members of the management, the chief executive officer and co-founder of the Company. The paid-in capital of Baidu Netcom was funded by the Company through a loan extended to the two individuals. The Company has entered into certain exclusive agreements with Baidu Netcom, which obligates the Company to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Baidu Netcom’s activities and is entitled to receive a majority of its residual returns. In addition, the Company has entered into certain agreements with the two individuals including a loan agreement for the paid in capital of Baidu Netcom described above, an option agreement to acquire the shareholding in Baidu Netcom when permitted by the PRC laws, and a share pledge agreement for the shares in Baidu Netcom held by the two individuals.      Based on these contractual arrangements, the Company believes that Baidu Netcom should be considered as a Variable Interest Entity under FASB Interpretation No. 46R (“FIN 46R”), Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51, because the equity investors in Baidu Netcom do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest and the Company is the primary beneficiary of Baidu Netcom. Accordingly, the Company believes that Baidu Netcom should be consolidated under FIN 46R. The Company has early adopted FIN 46R which has been applied since 2001.      The Company’s consolidated assets do not include any collateral for Baidu Netcom’s obligations. The carrying amount of the total assets of Baidu Netcom as of December 31, 2004 was RMB9,507 and there was no pledge or collateral of its assets. Furthermore, creditors of Baidu Netcom have no recourse to the general credit of Baidu Online which is the primary beneficiary of Baidu Netcom.      The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”).    2.
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and a variable interest entity for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and its VIE are eliminated upon consolidation.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Convenience Translation         Translations of amounts from RMB into United States dollars for the convenience of the reader were calculated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB8.2765 on March 31, 2005 in The City of New York for cable transfers of RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into United States dollars at such rate. On August 1, 2005, the exchange rate from RMB into United States dollars became US$1.00 to RMB8.1046 in The City of New York for cable transfers of RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (unaudited).
The Company and its subsidiaries and VIE determine their functional currencies based on the criteria of SFAS 52 Foreign Currency Translation and have determined their functional currency to be their respective local currency. The Company uses the RMB as its reporting currency. The Company uses the average exchange rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate its operating results and financial position respectively. Any translation gains (losses) are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Use of Estimates         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.    Stock Split         On April 7, 2004, the Company effected a two for one stock split of the Company’s ordinary shares and redeemable convertible preferred shares. All information relating to shares, options and per share amounts in these financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the stock split.    Cash and Cash Equivalents         The Company includes in cash and cash equivalents all short-term, highly liquid investments that mature within three months of their acquisition date. Cash equivalents consist principally of investments in interest-bearing demand deposit accounts and liquidity funds with financial institutions and are stated at cost, which approximates fair value.         The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions mainly in the Cayman Islands, the PRC and the United States. The Company performs periodic evaluation of the relative credit standing of financial institutions that are considered in the Company’s investment strategy.     F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Fixed Assets, net      Fixed assets are stated at cost and are depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the term of the related lease, as follows:     Leasehold improvements   -    over lease terms  Computer equipment and servers   -    3 years  Internal use software development costs   -    3 years  Vehicles and office equipment   -    5 years      Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred, whereas the cost of renewals and betterment that extend the useful life of fixed assets are capitalized as additions to the related assets. Retirement, sale and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the cost and accumulated depreciation from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts with any resulting gain or loss reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.    Intangible assets      Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated five-year economic life of the intangible asset.      The Company reviews and adjusts the carrying value of the intangible assets if the facts and circumstances suggest the intangible assets may be impaired. If the carrying value of an intangible asset is greater than its recoverable amount, an impairment loss will be recorded for the excess of its fair value, determined on a discounted cash flow basis, over the carrying value of the intangible asset.    Accounts Receivable and Other Receivables      Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at original invoiced amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful debts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers.    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts      The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowances when there is doubt as to the collectibility of individual balances. In evaluating the collectibility of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance, customer’s historical payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends. General provision is made on the following basis:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Revenue Recognition         The Company recognizes revenue based on the following principles:         Online marketing services         (1) Auction-based pay-for-performance services         The Company’s auction-based pay-for-performance platform enables a customer to place its website link or other information on the Company’s search listing. The customers make bids to determine how much they are willing to pay for each click-through to their listings in the search results displayed on the Company’s website. The ranking of the customer’s listing in the search results depends on the amount of the customer’s bid. Customers pay cash to the Company to obtain Baidu Currency which is the medium of exchange that the customers use to bid for pay-for-performance services from Baidu.         While the Company operates and maintains the technology infrastructure for the pay-for-performance platform, it primarily relies on distributors to engage and serve customers and collect cash payments.         The amount of revenue recognized is based on the total amount of cash consideration received and not based on the amount of Baidu Currency provided. Revenue is recognized when an Internet user clicks on the customer-sponsored listing, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement and the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured as prescribed by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (“SAB 104”).         Cash payments received in advance of pay-for-performance services are recorded as customer deposits. The distributors and customers are not entitled to any cash redemption for unused Baidu Currency units in their accounts with the Company. The amount of cash received relating to our unused Baidu Currency is recorded as customers’ deposits and accounted for as a liability of the Company. When the Baidu Currency is used, the corresponding cash amount is recorded as revenue. In the event that the Baidu Currency is not used, the corresponding cash amount remains as a liability of the Company. Historically, the Company has not had material aggregate corresponding cash amount for the unused Baidu Currency that was outstanding for an extended period of time. As a result, the Company does not have an accounting policy in this regard.         The Company accounts for certain cash incentives provided to its qualified distributors as a reduction of revenue in accordance with EITF 01-9, Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (Including a Reseller of the Vendor’s Products).         (2) Other performance-based online marketing services         To the extent the Company provides online marketing services based on performance criteria other than click-throughs, such as the number of telephone calls brought to our customers, the number of users registered with our customers, or the number of minimum click-throughs, revenue is recognized when the specified performance criteria are met together with satisfaction of other applicable revenue recognition criteria as prescribed by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (“SAB 104”) when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery or services to be provided have been performed, fee is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured.
Payments received in advance of services provided are recorded as customer deposits.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Revenue Recognition (cont’d)         (3) Time-based online advertising services         For time-based online advertising services such as text links, banners, or other forms of graphical advertisement, the Company recognizes revenue, in accordance with SAB 104, on a pro-rata basis over the contractual term commencing on the date the customer’s advertisement is available for viewing. For certain time-based contractual agreements, the Company may also provide certain performance guarantee, in which cases, revenue will only be recognized at the later of completion of time commitment and performance guarantee. Payments received in advance of services provided are recorded as customer deposits.         In cases where time-based online advertising services are provided without persuasive evidence of an arrangement, accounts receivable, together with deferred revenue, are recognized for the determinable value, if available, of service provided. Revenue recognition is deferred until persuasive evidence of an arrangement is established.         (4) Online marketing services involving Baidu Union         Baidu Union is the program through which the Company expands distribution of its customers’ sponsored links or ads by leveraging traffic of the Baidu Union members’ websites. The Company makes payments to Baidu Union members for acquisition of traffic. The Company recognizes revenue for the amount of fees it receives from its customers. Payments made to Baidu Union members are included in cost of revenues as traffic acquisition costs.         (5) Online marketing services arrangements with multiple elements         If a sales contract is entered into covering more than one product and the products are considered separate units of accounting in accordance with EITF 00-21, “Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables”, the total fee on such arrangements is allocated to the individual deliverables based on their relative fair values.         The Company has two types of online marketing services arrangements that may include multiple deliverables: P4P services and time based-online advertising services.
For certain P4P customers engaged through direct sales, the Company may be requested by customers to provide certain enhanced services for an annual service fee, which covers service activities relating to account set-up, account management, keywords suggestions and performance reporting. Such service fees represent value to customers in addition to standard P4P services which are charged on a per click basis, Pursuant to EITF 00-21, the annual services fees and click-through revenues are considered separate units of accounting. Annual service fees are recognized as revenue on a pro-rata basis over the service period of one year.          For time-based online advertising services, the Company may at times provide multiple advertising services in one or more contracts, which may be deemed as a single arrangement pursuant to EITF 00-21. The Company has accounted for such arrangements in accordance with EITF 00-21 whereby each of the advertising services are accounted for separately because i) it has standalone value since the Company has sold such services on an individual basis to other customers; ii) the fair values of the advertising services are objectively determinable based on actual sales transactions involving such services on a separate basis and iii) there is no general right of return for such services based on undelivered services. Accordingly, the     F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Revenue Recognition (cont’d)        the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) government’s policy of encouraging software development in the PRC. Sales of products in the PRC are subject to a 17% VAT. Companies that fulfill certain criteria set by the relevant authorities are entitled to a refund of VAT equivalent to the excess over 3% of contracted amount paid in the month when output VAT exceeds input VAT. Such VAT rebate is recorded on an accrual basis. The VAT rebate was RMB604 for the year ended December 31, 2004 (2003 - RMB656; 2002 - RMB182).         Portal search services         Portal search services are generally recognized ratably over the service period when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fees are fixed or determinable, the services have been performed and collection is reasonably assured in accordance with SAB 104.    Cost of Revenues       Cost of revenues consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs, bandwidth costs, depreciation, payroll and related costs of operations. Traffic acquisition costs represent the amounts paid or payable to Baidu Union websites from which the Company generates revenues. These payments are primarily based on revenue sharing arrangements under which the Company pays its Baidu Union members a percentage of the fees it earns from its online marketing customers. The Company recognizes traffic acquisition costs either based on the number of click-throughs or other volume metrics or on a ratable basis over the fixed term of the contractual arrangements.
The Company has capitalized certain internal use software development costs in accordance with SOP 98-1 Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or obtained for internal use, totaling RMB2,156 in 2004 (2003 - RMB1,556; 2002 - RMB2,071). These mainly include payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal use software project. The estimated useful life of software development costs is determined to be three years. The amortization expense for capitalized costs totaled approximately RMB1,328 (2003 - RMB718; 2002 - RMB41). Capitalized internal use software costs are included in fixed assets, net.    Advertising expenditure      Advertising costs, primarily advertisements through media publications, are included in “Selling, general and administrative expense” and are expensed when incurred.
Advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2004 were RMB2,998 (US$362) (2003 - RMB nil; 2002 - RMB nil).    Income taxes      The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance against the amount of deferred tax assets that it determines is not more likely than not of being realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Comprehensive income (loss)      Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Comprehensive income (loss) is reported in the statements of changes of shareholders’ deficit. Accumulated other comprehensive income of the Company represents the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment which, to date, has not been significant.    Share-based Compensation      The Company accounts for share-based compensation arrangements with employees in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees” (“APB No. 25”) and related interpretations thereof. Under APB No. 25, compensation cost for fixed awards is, in general, recognized based on the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Company’s stock on the date of grant over the exercise price. Compensation cost is amortized over the vesting period of the related options. In addition, the Company complies with disclosure provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 123, Accounting for Share-based Compensation, (“SFAS 123”) as amended by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 148 “Accounting for Share-based Compensation — Transition and Disclosure” (“SFAS 148”). Share-based compensation arrangements with non-employees are accounted for using the fair value method. The fair values of ordinary shares on the dates of stock option grants were determined by management based on valuation prepared by an independent appraiser, American Appraisal China Limited, the issuance of preferred shares or ordinary shares to independent third parties for cash, consideration of significant milestones achieved by the Company and other market considerations.      The Company determines the value of the options granted to non-employees using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 100% volatility, no dividends, risk-free interest rate of 2.79% to 3.6%, and an expected life of 3 years. For the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, the Company recognized approximately RMB411, RMB485 and RMB2,908 (US$351) of share-based compensation expenses related to the fair value of options granted to non-employees.    Pro forma disclosure under SFAS No. SFAS No.123 requires that pro forma net income (loss) and pro forma earnings (loss) per share be determined as if the Company had accounted for its employee share options granted under the fair value method. The fair value of these options was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.      The Company calculated the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Pro forma disclosure under SFAS No. 123 (cont’d)      Had compensation cost been determined based upon the fair value approach using the variables disclosed above, the Company’s pro forma net income (loss) and pro forma earnings (loss) per share would have been:       Leases      Leases have been classified as either capital or operating leases. Leases which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to the ownership of assets are accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases wherein rental payments are expensed as incurred.    Unaudited pro forma earnings per share      Unaudited pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period plus the number of ordinary shares resulting from the assumed conversion upon the closing of the initial public offering of all of the outstanding redeemable convertible preferred shares as if the conversion had occurred at the beginning of the period, or when the shares were issued, if later.      As holders of Class A and Class B ordinary shares have the same dividend right and the same participation right in our undistributed earnings, the basic and diluted pro forma earnings per share of Class A and Class B ordinary shares are the same for the period presented.    Recent Accounting Pronouncements      On December 16, 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Statement No. 123(R) (“SFAS 123(R)”), Share-Based Payment, which is a revision of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for Share-based Compensation. SFAS 123(R) supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees (“APB 25”), and amends FASB Statement No. 95, Statement of Cash Flows. Generally, SFAS 123(R) requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative to fair value accounting.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Recent Accounting Pronouncements (cont’d)      SFAS 123(R) must be adopted no later than July 1, 2005. Early adoption will be permitted in periods in which financial statements have not yet been issued.
SFAS 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods:      1.    A “modified prospective” method in which compensation cost is recognized beginning with the effective date (a) based on the requirements of SFAS 123(R) for all share-based payments granted after the effective date and (b) based on the requirements of SFAS 123 for all awards granted to employees prior to the effective date of SFAS 123(R) that remain unvested on the effective date.
2.    A “modified retrospective” method which includes the requirements of the modified prospective method described above, but also permits entities to restate based on the amounts previously recognized under SFAS 123 for purposes of pro forma disclosures either (a) all prior periods presented or (b) prior interim periods of the year of adoption.      The Company plans to adopt SFAS 123 (R) using the modified prospective method.      As permitted by SFAS 123, the company currently accounts for share-based payments to employees using APB 25’s intrinsic value method. Accordingly, the adoption of SFAS 123(R)’s fair value method will have a significant impact on our result of operations, although it will have no impact on our overall financial position. The impact of adoption of SFAS 123(R) cannot be predicted at this time because it will depend on levels of share-based payments granted in the future. However, had we adopted SFAS 123(R) in prior periods, the impact of that standard would have approximated the impact of SFAS 123 as described in the disclosure of pro forma net income and earnings per share in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements before taking into account the volatility factor as required by FAS 123(R).         In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, “Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets — An Amendment of APB Opinion No. 29, Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions” (“SFAS 153”). SFAS 153 eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets in paragraph 21(b) of APB Opinion No. 29, “Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions,” and replaces it with an exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. SFAS 153 specifies that a nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if the future cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a result of the exchange. SFAS 153 is effective for the fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 153 to have a material effect on its results of operations or financial condition.
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2004, substantially all of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents were managed by financial institutions. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers in China. The risk with respect to accounts receivables is mitigated by credit evaluations we perform on our customers and ongoing monitoring process on outstanding balances.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Concentration of Risks (cont’d)         Current vulnerability due to certain other concentrations         The Company participates in a dynamic high technology industry and believes that changes in any of the following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of operations or cash flows; changes in the overall demand for services and products; competitive pressures due to excess capacity or price reductions; advances and new trends in new technologies and industry standards; changes in bandwidth suppliers; changes in certain strategic relationships or customer relationships; regulatory or other factors; risks associated with the ability to obtain necessary raw materials; and risks associated with the Company’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary to support its growth.         The Company’s operations may be adversely affected by significant political, economic and social uncertainties in the PRC. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than 20 years, no assurance can be given that the PRC government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption or unforeseen circumstances affecting the PRC’s political, economic and social conditions. There is also no guarantee that the PRC government’s pursuit of economic reforms will be consistent or effective.
Substantially all of the Company’s businesses are transacted in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. On January 1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the People’s Bank of China. However, the unification of the exchange rates does not imply the convertibility of RMB into United States dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place either through the People’s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the People’s Bank of China.
Approval of foreign currency payments by the People’s Bank of China or other institutions requires submitting a payment application form together with suppliers invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.    3.
F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)    4.
Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:       5.
FIXED ASSETS - NET         Fixed assets consist of the following:       6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS - NET         In August 2004, Baidu Online entered into a sales and purchase agreement to acquire intangible assets comprising primarily of several internet website domain names. In accordance with the agreement, Baidu paid a total consideration comprising of 40,000 ordinary shares of Baidu.com Inc., with an estimated fair value of RMB2,098 (US$254) based on third party transactions and RMB11,905 (US$1,438) in cash. In addition, Baidu is obligated to pay an additional RMB1,200 (US$145) if certain traffic statistics relating to the acquired domain names are met within a 12 month period following the acquisition date. The contingent payment consideration has not been recorded.
Intangible assets consist of the following:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS - NET (continued)         The amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2004 was RMB1,050 (US$127). The estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows:       7.
The components of accrued expenses and other liabilities are as follows:       8.
Deferred revenue consists of the following:       9.
The Company is a tax exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conducts substantially all of its business through its PRC subsidiary, Baidu Online and its PRC variable interest entity, Baidu Netcom, which are generally subject to a 30% state enterprise income tax (“EIT”) and a 3% local income tax.          Baidu Online is governed by the Income Tax Law of the PRC concerning Foreign Investment and Foreign Enterprises (the “Income Tax Law”). Under income tax law, foreign invested enterprises satisfying certain criteria and can enjoy preferential tax treatments. Since Baidu Online, has obtained the status of a “new or     F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  9.
INCOME TAXES (continued)        technology enterprise”, is registered and operating in the Beijing Zhongguancun Science Park; it is entitled to enjoy a reduced income tax rate of 15% upon expiry of tax holiday, as well as exemption from local income tax. In addition, Baidu Online was granted a “tax holiday” for exemption of EIT for three years starting from 2000 and was entitled to a 50% tax reduction (at 7.5%) for the succeeding three years beginning from 2003.         As a PRC domestic company, Baidu Netcom, is governed by the Enterprise Income Tax Laws of the PRC and is subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 33%.
The Company had minimal operations in jurisdictions other than the PRC. (Loss) income before income taxes consists of:         The benefit from (provision) for taxes on (loss) income from continuing operations was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004:         The reconciliation of tax computed by applying respective statutory income tax rate to pre-tax income is:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  9.
INCOME TAXES (continued)      Earnings per share effect of tax holiday for the year ended December 31, 2004 amounts to RMB0.59 (US$0.07) (2003 - (RMB0.09); 2002 - (RMB0.43)).      * Subject to the approval of the PRC tax authorities, Baidu Online can enjoy an additional tax incentive relating to its research and development expenses. Should its research and development expenses increase by 10% or more when compared to last year and 50% of research and development expenses is higher than the current year’s taxable liability, the Company can claim an additional tax deduction which amounts to 50% of the current year’s research and development expenses. The amount that exceeds current year’s tax liability cannot be brought forward for next year’s utilization.      The principal components of deferred income tax assets are as follows:       10.
Full time employees of subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the subsidiaries of the Company make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’ salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were RMB3,775 (US$456) for the year ended December 31, 2004 (2003 - RMB1,973; 2002 - RMB816).    11.
The Company leases facilities in the PRC under non-cancelable operating leases expiring on different dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the periods of the respective leases. Total rental expense under all operating leases was RMB2,965 (US$358) for the year ended December 31, 2004 (2003 - RMB1,724; 2002 - RMB1,734).    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  11.
COMMITMENTS (continued)    Operating lease commitments (cont’d)      Future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms of one-year or more consist of the following at December 31, 2004:       12.
Preferred shares as at December 31, 2002 and 2003 consisted of the following:       Preferred shares as at December 31, 2004 consisted of the following:         The holders of preferred shares have various rights and preferences as follows:    Redemption      All Series A, Series B and Series C preferred shares are redeemable upon a change in control or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company at a redemption price equal to the liquidation preferences as described above.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  12.
REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES (continued)    Dividends      Subject to the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association , in the event that the directors resolve to declare any dividend, the holders of preferred shares shall be entitled to receive dividends in priority to a payment of any dividend to the holders of ordinary shares (the “preferential dividend”). Funds available for the preferential dividend shall be paid out proportionately to the holders of the preferred shares at a rate of 8% per annum on their respective original investment amounts until each such holder has received the full preferential dividend to which it is entitled, then proportionately to the holders of the ordinary shares.
Dividends shall be non-cumulative.    Conversion      Each share of Series A, B and C preferred shares is convertible, at the option of the holder, to ordinary share. Each preferred share shall initially be converted into one ordinary share. The conversion rate is subject to future dilution adjustments. The preferred shares shall automatically be converted into ordinary shares of the Company upon 1) the closing of an underwritten public offering of ordinary shares of the Company, at a public offering price reflecting a valuation of the Company on a fully diluted basis of not less than US$215 million and resulting in a gross proceeds to the Company of not less than US$20 million; or 2) the written consent of at least two-thirds of the holders of the preferred shares voting as a class.      The ordinary shares that will be issued upon conversion of all convertible preferred shares as of December 31, 2004 would be 16,648,877.         Voting         Holders of preferred shares have the rights to receive notice of, attend, speak and vote at a general meeting. Each holder is entitled to exercise the number of votes which he would have been entitled to exercise if all the preferred shares held by him had been converted into ordinary shares immediately before the holding of the general meeting at the conversion rate then in effect.         Appointment of Directors         Two directors shall be elected by the holders of a majority of the Series A preferred shares, voting separately as a class. Two directors shall be elected by the holders of a majority of the Series B preferred shares, voting separately as a class. One director shall be the chief executive officer of the Company (the “Fifth Director”). Holders of the Series C preferred shares shall not have the right to elect any Director.         Liquidation          In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, including merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company into or with another company in which the members of the Company own less than 50% of the voting securities of the surviving company, or any transaction or series of related transactions in which greater than 50% of the Company’s voting power is transferred or the sale, transfer or lease of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, the holders of Series A, B and C preferred shares are entitled to receive an amount equal to the original purchase price per share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends prior to and in preference to any distribution to the holders of ordinary shares. After payment to the holders of the preferred shares of the full amount to which they are entitled, the remaining assets shall be     F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  12.
REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES (continued)         Liquidation (cont’d)        distributed pro rata to all holders of the ordinary shares on an as-converted basis assuming that all preferred shares have been converted to the ordinary shares. If the Company’s assets are insufficient to satisfy the liquidation preferences, then these assets shall be distributed ratably in proportion to the liquidation preference of the preferred shares.         No adjustment is made to accrete for the difference between the carrying amounts of the preferred shares and their liquidation amounts as management considered the redemption not probable at December 31, 2004. When it is probable that the preferred shares are redeemable, the Company will recognize the difference between the carrying amounts of the preferred shares and their liquidation amounts immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the preferred shares to equal their redemption value.         Restriction         The Company shall not undertake any of following actions without the prior written consent of (a) the holders of more than 50% of the Series A preferred shares if at least 1,200,000 Series A preferred shares remain outstanding, (b) the holders of more than 50% of the Series B preferred shares if any Series B preferred shares remain outstanding, and (c) the holders of more than 50% of the Series C preferred shares remain outstanding:      (i) Transfer control of more than 50% of the voting shares of the Company;      (ii) Sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Company;      (iii) Change capital of the Company, or dispose of the Company’s interest in any subsidiary or associate company;      (iv) Liquidate, wind up or dissolve the Company, provided that consent of the holders of preferred shares shall not be unreasonably withheld if the Company is insolvent;      (v) Authorize, create or issue shares of any class of shares with rights senior to or in parity with the preferred shares;      (vi) Reclassify any outstanding shares into shares having preferences or priority as to dividends or assets senior to or in parity with the preferred shares;      (vii) Repurchase ordinary shares, except on termination of employment of the employees of the Company who hold ordinary shares subject to vesting;      (viii) Increase the number of authorized shares of the preferred shares;      (ix) Amend or change the rights and preferences of the preferred shares;      (x) Increase the number of directors above five directors.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)    13.
The Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, authorizes the Company to issue 853,751,123 shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.00005 each share.
In conjunction with the issuance of the Series A preferred shares, the then shareholders of the ordinary shares (the “Founders”) signed a founders’ restricted share agreement on February 23, 2000. According to the agreement, the Founders agreed to grant the Company the right to repurchase their respective ordinary shares in the Company totaling 9,240,000 ordinary shares from them at the original purchase price paid to the Company should any of the two Founders ceases to be an employee of the Company. The right is exercisable at any time during the 120-day period following the date the relevant shareholder ceases to be an employee. The repurchase right would lapse, in respect of the shares, over 42 equal monthly instalments or upon the closing of the first public offering of the ordinary shares with an aggregate offering price to the general public of not less than US$7,500 at a per share offering price of at least US$3.75 per share. The repurchase right lapsed in August 2003.         The Company accounted for the repurchase right as a recapitalization similar to a reverse stock split, followed by the grant of restricted stock awards under a fixed plan.
Compensation is measured under APB 25 based on the difference between the fair value of the ordinary shares on February 23, 2000 and the repurchase price and is accrued over the vesting period. The compensation charge for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 amounted to RMB1,588 and RMB238, respectively.    14.
In accordance with the Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment of China and their articles of association, Baidu Online, being a foreign invested enterprise established in China, is required to provide for certain statutory reserves, namely general reserve, enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profit as reported in their PRC Statutory Accounts. Baidu Online, being a wholly foreign owned enterprise, is required to allocate at least 10% of its after-tax profit to the general reserve until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective registered capital. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of directors of Baidu Online. These reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. Appropriations to the staff welfare and bonus fund are charged to selling, general and administrative expenses.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)    15.
Income (loss) per share is computed in accordance with SFAS No. 128 — Earnings per Share (“SFAS 128”). Under SFAS 128, income (loss) per share is calculated using the weighted average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding during the year.      The effect of the Company’s dilutive securities were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The Company’s dilutive securities are consisted of outstanding share options and redeemable convertible preferred shares. As of December 31, 2002 and 2003, outstanding share options amounted to 1,830,728 and 1,947,728, respectively. In addition, the Company had 14,400,000 redeemable convertible preferred shares issued as of December 31, 2002 and 2003.       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  15.
EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)       As of December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, share options that were exercised but the underlying ordinary shares of which were not yet issued amounted to 52,916, 201,494 and 220,249, respectively. Proceeds received upon exercise of these share options totaled to be RMB42, RMB72 and RMB321 for 2002, 2003 and 2004 respectively and have been recorded in the Company’s additional paid in capital. In May 2004, the Company issued ordinary shares in connection with the above mentioned share options outstanding as of December 31, 2002 and 2003. For share options that were exercised but underlying shares of which had not been issued as of December 31, 2004, the Company is in the process of registering such shares in its register of members.    For the purposes of calculating the Company’s basic and diluted earnings per share, the ordinary shares relating to the above-mentioned options that were exercised are assumed to have been outstanding from the date of exercise of such options.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)    16.
In January 2000, the Company adopted the 2000 Share Option Plan (the “Plan”). The Plan provides for the granting of share options to employees and consultants of the Company. Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive share options or nonqualified share options. Incentive share options (“ISO”) may be granted only to Company employees (including officers and directors who are also employees). Nonqualified share options (“NSO”) may be granted to Company employees and consultants. The Company has reserved 5,040,000 ordinary shares for issuance under the Plan. The Plan expires in ten years.      To date, options granted generally vest over 25% after the first year of service and ratably each month over the remaining 36-month period.      The following table summarizes option activity:         There were share options exercised but the underlying ordinary shares were not yet issued included in the above table. Please refer to Note 15 for details.
  F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  16.
SHARE OPTION PLAN (continued)      The following table summarizes the information for share options granted during the 12 months ended December 31, 2004:         The determination of the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares for stock based compensation purposes was a combination of restrospective third party valuations performed on the Company’s ordinary shares as of January 1, 2003 and January 18, 2005 by American Appraisal China Limited and third party cash transactions of the Company’s ordinary shares and Series C Preferred Shares during 2004.
In accordance with its 2000 stock option plan, the contractual life of non-qualified stock options shall be no more than ten years from the date of grant. In case of incentive stock options, the contractual life shall be five years from the date of grant. The term of each award is stated in the respective award agreement. Presented below is a summary of the Group’s outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2004:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  16.
SHARE OPTION PLAN (continued)      The table below summarized the weighted average fair value and exercise price of the share options granted during the year.       17.
In accordance with SFAS131, “Disclosures about segments of an Enterprise and Related Information,” the Company’s chief operating decision maker reviews consolidated results of operations when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company; hence, the Company has only one operating segment. The Company has internal reporting that does not distinguish between markets or segments.      The Company’s long lived assets and revenue are substantially all located in and derived from the PRC.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)    18.
F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  18.
PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)    Condensed statements of income       Condensed cash flow statements       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2003, and (Amounts presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except Share Data or unless  otherwise indicated)  18.
PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)    Basis of Presentation      For the purposes of the presentation of the parent company only condensed financial information, the Company records its investment in subsidiaries under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in APB opinion No. 18, “The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock”. Such investment is presented on the balance sheet as “Investment in Subsidiaries” and 100% of the subsidiaries’ profit or loss as “Equity in profit or loss of subsidiary companies” on the statement of operations and comprehensive income.      Under PRC laws and regulations, there are certain restrictions on the Company’s PRC subsidiary, Baidu Online, and variable interest entity Baidu Netcom, to transfer certain of their net assets to the Company either in the form of dividends, loans, or advances. The amounts restricted include paid up capital and statutory reserve of Baidu Online and the net assets of Baidu Netcom, in which the Company has no legal ownership, totalling approximately RMB99,316 (US$12,000) as of December 31, 2004.    19.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (unaudited)      (i) Acquisition of Shanghai Qilang Science and Technology Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai Qilang”)        In February 2005, the Company acquired the distribution business (“Acquired Business”) from Shanghai Qilang. The results of the Acquired Business will be included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from March 1, 2005. Shanghai Qilang was one of the largest distributors of the Company’s pay-for-performance services. The total purchase consideration consists of a fixed payment totaling RMB10,000 and a variable amount contingent upon certain performance metrices and the continued employment of a founder. However, the total purchase consideration will be subject to a maximum of RMB37,000. Of the total consideration payable, RMB7 million was paid on completion, RMB3 million will be payable by September 2005 and the balance will be payable in two instalments in 2006 and 2007.        The Company is in the process of obtaining independent third-party valuation in respect of the purchase price allocation under FAS 141, Business Combination.
(ii) Changes to the Company’s articles of association           The Company intends to adopt an amended and restated memorandum and articles of association immediately after the closing of its initial public offering. Currently it is considering whether to include certain provisions in its new memorandum and articles of association that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of the Company.      (iii) Initial public offering           In March 2005, the Company’s board of directors approved the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of the Company’s ordinary shares.      (iv) Litigation           In March 2005, 8848.net, a Beijing-based e-commerce company, brought an unfair competition suit against the Company for alleged DDOS’ attacks on 8848.net’s server from the afternoon of January 21, 2005 to the evening of January 22, 2005, seeking monetary damages of RMB 15 million (US$1.8 million). Management does not believe this legal claim has any merit and the final outcome of this pending litigation is not determinable at this time.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”))       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)    1.
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Baidu.com, Inc. (“Baidu.com” or the “Company”) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd (“Baidu Online”) and its variable interest entity (“VIE”) Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co. Ltd (“Baidu Netcom”). All significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries and VIE are eliminated upon consolidation. The Company has included the results of operations of an acquired business from the date of acquisition (see note 3).
The accompanying unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the Company’s consolidated financial position at March 31, 2005, the Company’s consolidated results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2005 and 2004, consolidated cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2005 and 2004, and consolidated changes in shareholders’ equity for the three months ended March 31, 2005. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results of operations or cash flows for a full-year period. The 2004 year end consolidated balance sheet and statement of changes in shareholders’ equity (deficit) data were derived from audited financial statements, but do not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles.         These financial statements and the notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004.    Use of estimates         The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.         On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to accounts receivable allowance, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, the value of common stock for the purpose of determining stock-based compensation (see below), and income taxes, among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.    Convenience translation         Translations of amounts from RMB into United States dollars for the convenience of the reader were calculated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00 to RMB8.2765 on March 31, 2005 in The City of New York for cable transfers of RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be converted into United States dollars at such rate.
On August 1, 2005, the exchange rate from RMB into United States dollars became US$1.00 to RMB8.1046 in The City of New York for cable transfers of RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
   F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)    2.
Identifiable intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated economic life of the identifiable intangible assets, as follows:     Domain name   -    5 years  Customer relationships   -    2-5 years  Non-competition agreement   -    4 years         The Company reviews and adjusts the carrying value of the identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances suggest the identifiable intangible assets may be impaired.
If the carrying value of an identifiable intangible asset is greater than its recoverable amount, an impairment loss will be recorded for the excess of its fair value, determined on a discounted cash flow basis, over the carrying value of the identifiable intangible asset    Goodwill         Goodwill is not amortized but instead is tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be impaired.
The Company has capitalized certain internal use software development costs in accordance with SOP 98-1 Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use, totaling RMB172 (US$21) for the period ended March 31, 2005 (December 31, 2004—RMB2,155). These mainly include payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal use software projects. The estimated useful life of software development costs is determined to be three years. The amortization expense of capitalized costs totaled approximately RMB467 for the period ended March 31, 2005 (March 31, 2004—RMB282). Capitalized internal use software costs are included in fixed assets, net.    Advertising expenditure         Advertising costs, primarily advertisements through media publications, are included in “Selling, general and administrative expense” and are expensed when incurred.
Advertising expense for the period ended March 31, 2005 was RMB2,444 (US$295) (March 31, 2004—RMB242).    Impairment of long-lived assets         Pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No.144 Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets, the Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may no longer be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying value of the long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.    Pro forma balance sheet         The pro forma balance sheet information as of March 31, 2005 assumes the conversion of all the Company’s 11,548,682 ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2005 into 11,548,682 Class B ordinary shares on May 30, 2005 and the automatic conversion of the Company’s outstanding redeemable convertible preferred shares as of March 31, 2005 into 16,648,877 Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing of the Company’s initial public offering.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Share-based compensation (cont’d)      Had compensation cost been determined based upon the fair value approach using the variables disclosed above, the Company’s pro forma net income and pro forma earnings per share would have been:       3.
ACQUISITION OF SHANGHAI QILANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CO. LTD (“Shanghai Qilang”)         On February 21, 2005, the Company acquired all the assets of the distribution business (“Acquired Business”) of Shanghai Qilang. The Acquired Business is in connection with the distribution of the Company’s online marketing services for the purposes of improving efficiency and effectiveness of product distribution to end customers. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination using the purchase method and the results of the Acquired Business were included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements commencing February 21, 2005 onwards.         The total consideration payable consists of fixed payments totaling RMB10,000 and a variable contingent amount determined based on future results of the Acquired Business, certain performance metrics and continued employment of a founder. The maximum consideration payable, including the above fixed payments, is RMB37,000. Of the total consideration, RMB7,000 (US$845) was paid on completion of the transfer of the business, RMB3,000 (US$363) will be payable by September 2005 and the balance will be payable in two installments in 2006 and 2007. The Company will recognize the contingent consideration payable to the seller (other than the founder) as a liability when the contingency is resolved. The contingent consideration payable to the founder will be recognized as compensation expense over the required continued employment period when it is probable that such amount is payable. No contingent consideration was recorded as of March 31, 2005 as the total consideration calculated in accordance with the terms of the agreement was less than the minimum payment of RMB10,000.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  3.
ACQUISITION OF SHANGHAI QILANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CO. LTD (“Shanghai Qilang”) (continued)         The following table summarizes, as at the date of acquisition, the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed which is preliminary and may be subject to change upon the finalization of a valuation on the Acquired Business.            * Goodwill, customer relationships and non-competition agreement are subject to tax deduction over a period of 15 years based on a straight-line method based on PRC tax regulations.
No deferred tax liability is recognized as the tax base for these is the same as the carrying value.    Acquired Intangible Assets         As of 31 March 2005,            The amortization expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2005 amounted to RMB24 (US$3) (March 31, 2004—RMB nil).    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  3.
ACQUISITION OF SHANGHAI QILANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CO. LTD (“Shanghai Qilang”) (continued)         The financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company and Shanghai Qilang on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of the beginning of the periods being presented below. This pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the acquisition actually taken place as of the beginning of the period being presented below.       4.
5.
Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  6.
FIXED ASSETS - NET         Fixed assets consist of the following:       7.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS - NET         Intangible assets consist of the following:            The amortization expense for the three months ended March 31, 2005 was RMB724 (US$87) (March 31, 2004—RMB nil). The estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows:       F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  8.
The components of accrued expenses and other liabilities are as follows:       9.
Deferred revenue consists of the following:       10.
Full time employees of subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the subsidiaries of the Company make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’ salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were RMB1,849 (US$223) for the three months ended March 31, 2005 (March 31, 2004 - RMB972).      F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  11.
Earnings per share is computed in accordance with SFAS No. 128 - Earnings per Share (“SFAS 128”). Under SFAS No. 128, earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.               As at March 31, 2004 and 2005, stock options exercised but for which the underlying ordinary shares not yet issued amounted to 201,494 and nil, respectively. Proceeds received upon exercise of these share options totaled to be RMB123 and RMB nil for the three months ended March 31, 2004 and 2005, respectively, and have been recorded in the Company’s share capital and additional paid in capital. For the purposes of calculating the Company’s basic and diluted earnings per share, the ordinary shares relating to the above-mentioned options that were exercised are assumed to have been outstanding from the date of exercise of such options.
The ordinary shares that will be issued upon conversion of all our preferred shares as of March 31, 2005 would be 16,648,877.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)    12.
In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Statement No. 123(R) (“SFAS 123(R)”), Share-Based Payment, which is a revision of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for Share-based Compensation. SFAS 123(R) addresses all forms of share-based payment awards, including shares issued under employee stock purchase plans, stock options, restricted stock and stock appreciation rights. SFAS 123(R) will require that the Company expense share-based payment awards with compensation cost for share-based payment transactions measured at fair value. SFAS 123(R) requires the Company to adopt the new accounting provisions beginning in the third quarter of 2005. On April 14, 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) announced the adoption of a new rule that amends the compliance date of SFAS 123(R) until the beginning of the next fiscal year that begins on or after June 15, 2005. Under the SEC’s rule, SFAS 123(R) is now effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2006. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this change in accounting standards on its consolidated results of operations and financial position.    13.
On January 12, 2005, the Company brought an unfair competition suit in the Haidian District People’s Court in Beijing against 8848.com, based on claims that 8848.com intentionally offered certain software to their users which, once installed, would substantially alter Baidu’s Web search page layout and search results without the knowledge of these users. The court has not decided on this case.
In March 2005, 8848.net, a Beijing-based e-commerce company, brought an unfair competition suit against the Company for alleged DDOS’ attacks on 8848.net’s server from the afternoon of January 21, 2005 to the evening of January 22, 2005, seeking monetary damages of RMB 15,000 (US$1,800). Management believes that 8848.net’s claims are without merit and the outcome of this pending litigation is not determinable at this time.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)    14.
The income tax provision (benefit) included in the consolidated statements of operation for the three months ended March 31, 2005 and March 31, 2004, is based on the estimated annual effective tax rate for the entire year. These estimated effective tax rates are subject to adjustment in subsequent quarterly periods as our estimates of pretax income or loss for the year are increased or decreased. The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2005 is less than the statutory tax rate in PRC due to additional deduction for research and development expenses and tax holiday granted to Baidu Online.         The reconciliation of tax computed by applying respective statutory income tax rate to pre-tax income is as follows:       15.
(i) On May 11, 2005, the Company has granted 133,500 Share Options to its employees at an exercise price of US$8.50 pursuant to its 2000 Share Option Plan.      (ii) The Company’s former Memorandum and Articles of Associations provided that upon an initial public offering meeting certain criteria, the Company’s redeemable convertible Series A, Series B and Series C preferred shares would automatically convert into ordinary shares, each of which has one vote per share. On May 30, 2005, the Company’s shareholders approved an Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Associations, pursuant to which all of the existing ordinary shares and all of those to be issued to the existing preferred shareholders upon conversion are re-designated as Class B ordinary shares, each of which carries ten votes per share at future shareholder meetings. 822,424,322 authorized but unissued ordinary shares are re-designated as Class A ordinary shares, each of which carries only one vote per share at future shareholder meetings. In addition, Class B ordinary shares may be convertible into the same number of Class A ordinary shares at the option of the holder thereof at any time, and shall be automatically converted into the same number of Class A ordinary shares at any time the holder thereof transfers them to a person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder.    F-BAIDU.COM, INC.  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Amounts in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”), and in thousands of U.S. Dollars (“US$”), except number of shares and per share data)  15.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)      (iii) After the closing of this offering, the Company’s board of directors will have the authority, without approval by the shareholders, to issue up to a total of 10,000,000 shares of preferred shares in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may establish the number of shares to be included in each such series of preferred shares. These proposed changes have yet to be approved by the Company’s shareholders.      (iv) On June 20, 2005, Shanghai Busheng Music Culture Media Co., Ltd., or Shanghai Busheng, brought a copyright infringement suit against the Company in the Haidian District People’s Court in Beijing alleging that the Company allowed its users to download 53 popular songs without its authorization. Shanghai Busheng sought an injunction order and damages in an amount of RMB560. The court has not ruled on this case.
(v) In early July, 2005, the Company received a copyright infringement complaint dated as of May 23, 2005 brought by Beijing New Picture Film Co., Ltd. against the Company. The plaintiff alledged that the Company provided a copyrighted movie owned by the plaintiff to users of Baidu Movie Search without the plaintiff’s authorization. The plaintiff also named the Hangzhou branch of Zhejiang Telecommunication Co., Ltd.
as a co-defendant, claiming that it had the ability and obligation to prevent the Company from providing the movie to its users on its website but failed to do so. The plaintiff sought an injunction order as well as damages and expenses in an aggregate amount of RMB166. The court has not ruled on this case.    F-Through and including August 29, 2005 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to unsold allotments or subscriptions.    Baidu.com, Inc.    4,040,402 American Depositary Shares  Representing  4,040,402 Class A Ordinary Shares             PROSPECTUS        Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
