The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information and financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to this summary, we urge you to read the entire prospectus carefully, especially the risks of investing in our ADSs discussed under "Risk Factors," before deciding whether to buy our ADSs. This prospectus contains information from an industry report dated February 9, 2018 commissioned by us and prepared by iResearch, an independent research firm, to provide information regarding our industry and our market position in China. We refer to this report as the "iResearch Report." We also procured certain data included in this prospectus from QuestMobile, a third-party independent research firm.
We enrich the everyday life of young generations in China.
We represent the iconic brand of online entertainment for young generations in China. We provide high-quality content and an immersive entertainment experience, and have built our platform based on the strong emotional connections of our users to our content and communities. We started as a content community inspired by anime, comics and games, or ACG, and have evolved into a full-spectrum online entertainment world covering a wide array of genres and media formats, including videos, live broadcasting and mobile games. We have now become the welcoming home of diverse cultures and interests and destination for discovering cultural trends and phenomena for young generations in China. We rank No.1 in terms of monthly average time spent per device and monthly average visits per device among online video platforms, an integral part of online entertainment in China, on a monthly aggregate basis in 2017, according to QuestMobile. We believe China will become the world's largest online entertainment market in the future and our brand recognition and market leadership among the young generations in China position us well to capture the significant opportunities.
We have a young and culturally aspirational user base willing to invest in a high-quality entertainment experience. According to QuestMobile, as of February 2018, approximately 81.7% of our user base were Generation Z, individuals born from 1990 to 2009 in China. They typically receive quality education and are technology savvy, with strong demand for culture products and avenues for self-expression and social interaction. In the fourth quarter of 2017, we had 71.8 million average monthly active users, an increase of 45.3% from 49.4 million in the same period of 2016. We have continued to achieve growth in our active users. In the first two months of 2018, we had 76.4 million average monthly active users. We believe our users will be the driving force and trend-setters of entertainment consumption in China as they grow with us.
We capture the hearts and minds of our users with superior content experience and carefully designed interactive features. Our user base has demonstrated strong engagement and loyalty to our communities. In 2017, the average daily time spent per active user on our mobile app was approximately 76.3 minutes, as compared to 72.2 minutes in 2016. We pioneered the "bullet chatting" feature, a live commenting function that has transformed the viewing experience by displaying thoughts and feelings of other audience viewing the same video. This signature feature fosters a highly interactive and enjoyable viewing experience and allows our users to benefit from the strong emotional bonds with other users who share similar aspiration and interests.
Our vibrant communities fuel the ever-growing supply of creative professional user generated content, or PUGC. We have developed a robust system and nurtured an encouraging community culture that respects and rewards content creators and motivates the creation of inspirational content. The average monthly number of our active content creators grew by 104% from approximately 100,200 in 2016 to approximately 204,100 in 2017. In addition to PUGC, our diversified content offerings include licensed videos, live broadcasting and mobile games. We focus on offering content that caters to the evolving and diversified interests of our users and our communities.
We attract our users with engaging content, retain users with our vibrant communities, and curate the right content to satisfy our users' entertainment needs. We have successfully developed an ecosystem comprised of highly-engaged users, talented content creators, as well as business partners, forming a virtuous cycle for monetization. We primarily generate revenues from mobile games, live broadcasting and online advertising. Our net revenues grew from RMB131.0 million (US$20.1 million) in 2015 to RMB523.3 million (US$80.4 million) in 2016 and further to RMB2,468.4 million (US$379.4 million) in 2017. We incurred net loss of RMB373.5 million (US$57.4 million), RMB911.5 million (US$140.1 million) and RMB183.8 million (US$28.2 million) in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. We derived 65.7%, 65.4% and 83.4% of our revenues from mobile games in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and we derive a significant portion of mobile game revenues from a limited number of games. In 2017, two mobile games accounted for more than 10% of our total mobile game revenues, one for 71.8% and the other for 12.7%.
Online entertainment is a large and fast growing industry in China. According to the iResearch Report, China's online entertainment industry market reached RMB205.8 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 29.6% to RMB752.7 billion in 2021. In particular, Generation Z, the demographic cohort in China of individuals born from 1990 to 2009, is redefining the online entertainment industry because this cohort of individuals have grown up in a unique socio-environment, especially in the following aspects: (i) consumption upgrades to address cultural needs, (ii) deep internet adoption in daily lives and (iii) strong desire for self-expression.
According to the iResearch Report, the population of Generation Z has reached 328 million in 2017. Their market share contribution to the online entertainment industry in China in terms of dollar spending is expected to grow from 45.8% in 2014, to 54.8% in 2017 and further to 62.1% in 2020.
As traditional media outlets, which provide content covering limited themes and subjects through a simplex "one-way" form, can no longer satisfy the evolving entertainment needs, online entertainment powered by mobile internet and technology, diversified content and interactive features has become the mainstream media format. Quality content attracts and retains users, which in turn incentivize content providers to create more engaging content. This virtuous cycle propels the healthy development of the online entertainment industry. A large number of Generation Z are actively involved in content generation and promotion, rather than passive content viewing and consumption. According to the iResearch Report, as of the end of 2016, there were 636 million online entertainment consumers in China, who on average spent 1.4 hours every day on online entertainment. Among them, 282 million were Generation Z, and they on average spent more than 1.6 hours every day on online entertainment.
China's online entertainment industry has been expanding rapidly to meet the increasing demand of Generation Z for quality content. Such content covers a wide variety of themes, including anime and comics, game, music, fashion, lifestyle, technology, movie and television serial drama. Driven by the increasing demand on a diverse range of entertainment content, key sectors of the online entertainment industry, including video, games and live broadcasting, have been growing exponentially.
We believe that the following competitive strengths contribute to our success and differentiate us from our competitors: • iconic brand for online entertainment serving the young generations in China;  • aspirational and fast growing user base;  • highly sticky communities with a strong sense of belonging;  • ever-growing supply of creative content;  • a thriving ecosystem fueling strong monetization potential; and  • visionary, experienced and passionate management team.
We intend to achieve our goals by pursuing the following strategies: • enhance our content offerings;  • improve user experience on our platform;  • further enhance our technologies and infrastructure; and  • strengthen our monetization capabilities.
Our ability to realize our mission and execute our strategies is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those relating to our ability to: • maintain our culture and brand image within our addressable user communities;  • address the evolving entertainment needs of our users and provide quality content, products and services to attract and retain users;   • successfully implement our monetization strategies and generate sustainable revenues and profit;   • sustain our growth and the increased complexity of our business;  • manage our costs and expenses;  • identify and prevent illegal or inappropriate content from being displayed on our platform; and   • launch new games and release upgrades to grow our game player base.
Please see "Risk Factors" and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that we face.
Our website was first launched in June 2009 and was officially named "bilibili" in January 2010. We commenced our commercial operations in 2011 and established Shanghai Hode Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Shanghai Hode, to expand our operations in May 2013. Subsequently, we obtained control over Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd., or Shanghai Kuanyu, in July 2014 to further expand our operations.
We incorporated Bilibili Inc. under the laws of the Cayman Islands as our offshore holding company in December 2013. In February 2014, we established Hode HK Limited, or Hode HK, a wholly-owned Hong Kong subsidiary. In September 2014, Hode HK established a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Hode Shanghai Limited, which we refer to as Hode Technology or our WFOE in this prospectus.
Due to restrictions imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign ownership of companies that engage in internet and other related business, our WFOE later entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Shanghai Hode and Shanghai Kuanyu, which two entities we collectively refer to as our VIEs in this prospectus, and their respective shareholders. For more details, please see "Corporate History and Structure—Contractual Arrangements with Our VIEs and Their Respective Shareholders."  As a result of our direct ownership in our WFOE and the variable interest entity contractual arrangements, we are regarded as the primary beneficiary of our VIEs. We treat them and their subsidiaries as our consolidated affiliated entities under U.S. GAAP, and have consolidated the financial results of these entities in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and our VIEs and their respective principal subsidiaries, as of the date of this prospectus:  Notes:  (1)Rui Chen is a beneficial owner of the shares of Bilibili Inc. and holds 100% equity interests in Shanghai Kuanyu. He is also the chairman of our board of directors and our cheif executive officer.
(2)Rui Chen, Yi Xu, Qian Wei, Ni Li and Xi Cao are beneficial owners of the shares of Bilibili Inc. and hold 52.3%, 34.8%, 7.0%, 3.4% and 2.5% equity interests in Shanghai Hode, respectively. Among them, Mr. Chen, Mr. Xu and Ms. Li are also directors and officers of our company.
As a company with less than US$1.07 billion in revenue for our last fiscal year, we qualify as an "emerging growth company" pursuant to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other requirements compared to those that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include exemption from the auditor attestation requirement under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in the assessment of the emerging growth company's internal control over financial reporting. The JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company does not need to comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards until such date that a private company is otherwise required to comply with such new or revised accounting  standards.
However, we have elected to "opt out" of this provision and, as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards as required when they are adopted for public companies.
This decision to opt out of the extended transition period under the JOBS Act is irrevocable.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of at least US$1.07 billion; (b) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering; (c) the date on which we have, during the preceding three-year period, issued more than US$1.00 billion in non-convertible debt; or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a "large accelerated filer" under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our ADSs that are held by non-affiliates exceeds US$700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Once we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will not be entitled to the exemptions provided in the JOBS Act discussed above.
Our principal executive offices are located at Building 3, Guozheng Center, No. 485 Zhengli Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, People's Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is +86 21-25099255. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at office of Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands.
Investors should submit any inquiries to the address and telephone number of our principal executive offices. Our main website is  www.bilibili.com. The information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus. Our agent for service of process in the United States is Law Debenture Corporate Services Inc., located at 801 2nd Avenue, Suite 403, New York, New York 10017.
Unless the context indicates otherwise, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option.
The following summary consolidated statements of comprehensive loss data for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, summary consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and summary consolidated statements of cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of results expected for future periods. You should read this Summary Consolidated Financial Data section together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Note:  (1)Share-based compensation expenses were allocated as follows:   Non-GAAP Measures           We use EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss, each a non-GAAP financial measure, in evaluating our operating results and for financial and operational decision-making purposes.
We believe that EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss help identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be distorted by the effect of certain expenses that we include in loss from operations and net loss. We believe that EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss provide useful information about our results of operations, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects and allow for greater visibility with respect to key metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making.
EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to loss from operations, net loss or any other measure of performance or as an indicator of our operating performance. Investors are encouraged to review the historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures to our data. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.
EBITDA represents net loss excluding depreciation, amortization, interest income and income tax. Adjusted EBITDA represents net loss excluding share-based compensation expenses, depreciation,  amortization, interest income and income tax. The table below sets forth a reconciliation of our net loss to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:  Note:  (1)Excluding amortization of licensed copyrights of video content and licensed rights of online games, and including amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired through business acquisition.
Adjusted net loss represents net loss excluding share-based compensation expenses and amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired through business acquisition. The table below sets forth a reconciliation of our net loss to adjusted net loss for the periods indicated:  