  This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our common stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully before making an investment decision. You should carefully consider, among other things, the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms “Uber,” the “company,” “we,” “our,” “us,” or similar terms in this prospectus to refer to Uber Technologies, Inc. and, where appropriate, our consolidated subsidiaries.  UBER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
Our mission is to ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion.  We believe deeply in our bold mission. Every minute of every day, consumers and Drivers on our platform can tap a button and get a ride or tap a button and get work. We revolutionized personal mobility with Ridesharing, and we are leveraging our platform to redefine the massive meal delivery and logistics industries. While we have had unparalleled growth at scale, we are just getting started: only 2% of the population in the 63 countries where we operate used our offerings in the quarter ended December 31, 2018, based on MAPCs.
The foundation of our platform is our massive network, leading technology, operational excellence, and product expertise. Together, these elements power movement from point A to point B.      •    Massive network. Our massive, efficient, and intelligent network consists of tens of millions of Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, carriers, and dockless e-bikes and e-scooters, as well as underlying data, technology, and shared infrastructure. Our network becomes smarter with every trip. In over 700 cities around the world, our network powers movement at the touch of a button for millions, and we hope eventually billions, of people.      •    Leading technology. We have built proprietary marketplace, routing, and payments technologies. Marketplace technologies are the core of our deep technology advantage and include demand prediction, matching and dispatching, and pricing technologies.
•    Operational excellence. Our regional on-the-ground operations teams use their extensive market-specific knowledge to rapidly launch and scale products in cities, support Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, and carriers, and build and enhance relationships with cities and regulators.      •    Product expertise. Our products are built with the expertise that allows us to set the standard for powering movement on-demand, provide platform users with a contextual, intuitive interface, continually evolve features and functionality, and deliver safety and trust.
Our Personal Mobility, Uber Eats, and Uber Freight platform offerings each address large, fragmented markets.
Our Personal Mobility offering includes Ridesharing and New Mobility. Ridesharing refers to products that connect consumers with Drivers who provide rides in a variety of vehicles, such as cars, auto rickshaws,    motorbikes, minibuses, or taxis. New Mobility refers to products that provide consumers with access to rides through a variety of modes, including dockless e-bikes and e-scooters. We aim to provide everyone, everywhere on our platform with access to a safe, reliable, affordable, and convenient trip within a few minutes of tapping a button. In the quarter ended December 31, 2018, the average wait time for a rider to be picked up by a Driver was five minutes. In addition to powering movement for riders, our platform powers opportunity for Drivers, fueling the future of independent work by providing Drivers with a reliable and flexible way to earn money.  We are committed to providing consumers with access to the best personal mobility options to meet their needs. We are investing in new modes of transportation that enable us to address a wider range of consumer use cases and represent a significant opportunity to bring additional trips onto our platform. For example, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, trips of less than three miles accounted for 46% of all U.S. vehicle trips in 2017. We believe that dockless e-bikes and e-scooters address many of these use cases and will replace a portion of these vehicle trips over time, particularly in urban environments that suffer from substantial traffic during peak commuting hours.
The rapid growth and scale of our Ridesharing products, which to date have accounted for virtually all of our Personal Mobility offering, demonstrates the size of our opportunity:      •    Revenue derived from our Ridesharing products grew from $3.5 billion in 2016 to $9.2 billion in 2018.
•    Gross Bookings derived from our Ridesharing products grew from $18.8 billion in 2016 to $41.5 billion in 2018.      •    Consumers traveled approximately 26 billion miles on our platform in 2018.
We believe that Personal Mobility represents a vast, rapidly growing, and underpenetrated market opportunity. We operate our Personal Mobility offering in 63 countries with an aggregate population of 4.1 billion people. Through our Personal Mobility offering, we estimate that our platform served 2% of the population in these countries based on MAPCs in the quarter ended December 31, 2018. We estimate that people traveled 4.7 trillion vehicle miles in trips under 30 miles in these countries in 2018, of which the approximately 26 billion miles traveled on our platform represent less than 1% penetration.
 We believe that our Personal Mobility market share and ridesharing category position are key indicators of our progress towards our massive market opportunity. We calculate our Personal Mobility market share in a given region by dividing our Personal Mobility miles traveled by our estimates of the addressable market in miles traveled in the region. We estimate the size of the addressable market by multiplying the number of passenger cars in each country by our country-level estimates of miles traveled per car. Our estimates also include an estimated 4.4 trillion public transportation miles, which we allocate to regions based on their share of the population in our addressable market. See the section titled “Business—Our Market Opportunity” for more information. Based on this estimate, our Personal Mobility market share is less than 1% in every major region of the world where we operate.  We calculate our ridesharing category position within a given region by dividing our Ridesharing Gross Bookings by our estimates of total ridesharing Gross Bookings generated by us and other companies with similar ridesharing products. Based on these estimates, we have a leading ridesharing category position in every major region of the world where we operate, as shown in the graphic below. We also participate in certain regions through our minority-owned affiliates and intend to maintain our interests in these minority-owned affiliates to participate in the expected growth of ridesharing and other modes of personal mobility in the regions where they operate.
  Our Global Ridesharing Footprint(1)          *  Does not include any increase in our category position in the Middle East, North Africa, and Pakistan as a result of our pending acquisition of Careem.
(1)   Percentages are based on our internal estimates of Gross Bookings and miles traveled using our currently available information. For more detail on ownership stakes, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Minority-Owned Affiliates.”  Uber Eats  Our Uber Eats offering allows consumers to search for and discover local restaurants, order a meal at the touch of a button, and have the meal delivered reliably and quickly. We launched our Uber Eats app just over three years ago, and we believe that Uber Eats has grown to be the largest meal delivery platform in the world outside of China based on Gross Bookings. We believe that our scale enables the average delivery time for Uber Eats to be faster than the average delivery time for our competitors. For the quarter ended December 31, 2018, the average delivery time was approximately 30 minutes. We believe that Uber Eats not only leverages, but also increases, the supply of Drivers on our network. For example, Uber Eats enables Ridesharing Drivers to increase their utilization and earnings by accessing additional demand for trips during non-peak Ridesharing times. Uber Eats also expands the pool of Drivers by enabling people who are not Ridesharing Drivers or who do not have access to Ridesharing-qualified vehicles to deliver meals on our platform. In addition to benefiting Drivers and consumers, Uber Eats provides restaurants with an instant mobile presence and efficient delivery capability, which we believe generates incremental demand and improves margins for restaurants by enabling them to serve more consumers without increasing their existing front-of-house expenses. Of the 91 million MAPCs on our platform, over 15 million received a meal using Uber Eats in the quarter ended December 31, 2018, tapping into our network of more than 220,000 restaurants in over 500 cities globally.  In connection with our transactions with Grab and Yandex, we contributed our meal delivery offerings in Southeast Asia and Russia/CIS to Grab and to our Yandex.Taxi joint venture, respectively, including our partnerships with certain significant global restaurant chains with operations in those markets. We expect to benefit from continued growth of the meal delivery industry in the regions where our minority-owned affiliates operate.
We believe that Uber Freight is revolutionizing the logistics industry. Uber Freight leverages our proprietary technology, brand awareness, and experience revolutionizing industries to create a transparent, on-demand marketplace that seamlessly connects shippers and carriers.  The freight industry today is highly fragmented and deeply inefficient. It can take several hours, sometimes days, for shippers to find a truck and driver for shipments, with most of the process conducted over the phone or by fax. Uber Freight greatly reduces friction in the logistics industry by providing an on-demand platform to automate and accelerate logistics transactions end-to-end. Uber Freight connects carriers with the most appropriate shipments available on our platform, and gives carriers upfront, transparent pricing and the ability to book a shipment with the touch of a button.  We serve shippers ranging from small- and medium-sized businesses to global enterprises by enabling them to create and tender shipments with a few clicks, secure capacity on demand with upfront pricing, and track those shipments in real-time from pickup to delivery. We believe that all of these factors represent significant efficiency improvements over traditional freight brokerage providers. Since Uber Freight’s public launch in the United States in May 2017, we have contracted with over 36,000 carriers that in aggregate have more than 400,000 drivers and have served over 1,000 shippers, including global enterprises such as Anheuser-Busch InBev, Niagara, Land O’Lakes, and Colgate-Palmolive. Uber Freight has grown to $125 million in revenue for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.  In March 2019, we announced the expansion of our Uber Freight offering into Europe. Although Europe’s freight market is one of the largest and most sophisticated in the world, we believe that European shippers and carriers experience many of the same pain points in their current operations as U.S. shippers and carriers.
We intend to continue to invest in new platform offerings that we believe will further strengthen our platform and existing offerings and fuel multiple virtuous cycles of growth.  We can rapidly launch and scale platform products and offerings by leveraging our massive network, leading technology, operational excellence, and product expertise. Furthermore, each new product adds nodes to our network and strengthens these shared capabilities, enabling us to launch and invest in additional products more efficiently. For example, Uber Eats is used by many of the same consumers who use our Ridesharing products, is built on our existing technology stack, and has grown by leveraging many of the same regional operations teams that built our Ridesharing products.
Similarly, in cities where we already operate, we can more efficiently launch other products and offerings, such as dockless e-bikes and e-scooters, by leveraging our existing network of Drivers and consumers and regional on-the-ground operations teams. As evidence of the power of our platform, Uber Eats grew to $2.6 billion in Gross Bookings for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, nearly three years following the launch of the Uber Eats app, which we believe makes our Uber Eats offering the largest meal delivery platform in the world outside of China. In addition, each new product or offering enables us to invest more efficiently because we share innovations and investments across our platform offerings. These synergies effectively lower our costs and allow us to invest in a scalable way that becomes increasingly efficient as we grow with each new product or offering.  Each platform offering also increases the value of our platform to platform users, enabling us to attract new platform users and to deepen engagement with existing platform users. Both of these dynamics grow our network scale and liquidity, which further increases the value of our platform to platform users. For example, Uber Eats attracts new consumers to our network – in the quarter ended December 31, 2018, 50% of first-time Uber Eats    consumers were new to our platform. Additionally, in the quarter ended December 31, 2018, consumers who used both Personal Mobility and Uber Eats had 11.5 Trips per month on average, compared to 4.9 Trips per month on average for consumers who used a single offering in cities where both Personal Mobility and Uber Eats were offered. Similarly, having multiple offerings increases our engagement with Drivers. For example, with Uber Eats, Ridesharing Drivers can access additional demand for trips during non-peak Ridesharing times to increase their utilization and earnings. We believe that these trends will continue as we further expand Uber Eats from over 500 cities into nearly 700 cities where we already offer Personal Mobility.  The strength of our leading platform is demonstrated by our performance:      •    There were 91 million MAPCs for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.
•    There were 1.5 billion Trips on our platform for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.
•    There were 3.9 million Drivers on our platform for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.
•    Drivers have earned over $78.2 billion on our platform since 2015, as well as $1.2 billion in tips since we introduced in-app tipping for Drivers in July 2017, in each case through December 31, 2018.      •    We had a 9% Core Platform Contribution Margin in 2018. See the section titled “Summary Consolidated Financial and Operating Data—Notes about Certain Key Metrics—Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) and Margin” for additional information.
In 2018, Gross Bookings grew to $49.8 billion, up 45% from $34.4 billion in 2017. Over the same period, revenue reached $11.3 billion, up 42% from $7.9 billion in the prior year. Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue was $9.9 billion in 2018, up 39% from $7.1 billion in 2017. Net income (loss) was $1.0 billion in 2018 and $(4.0) billion in 2017. Adjusted EBITDA was $(1.8) billion in 2018 and $(2.6) billion in 2017. See the section titled “Summary Consolidated Financial and Operating Data—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for additional information.
In March 2019, we entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets and assume substantially all of the liabilities of Careem Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Careem”). Dubai-based Careem, founded in 2012, provides ridesharing, meal delivery, and payments services to millions of users in 115 cities across the Middle East, North Africa, and Pakistan. This acquisition advances our strategy of having a leading ridesharing category position in every major region of the world in which we operate. We expect the acquisition of Careem to significantly expand our presence in the Middle East, North Africa, and Pakistan, which we believe are attractive markets due to their size and growth potential, driven by tech-savvy populations, high smartphone penetration, low rates of car ownership, and communities developing the next generation of transportation options to serve their growing populations. Careem has ridesharing operations in 14 countries excluding Sudan, which business we expect Careem to divest prior to the closing of our acquisition. We estimate that these 14 countries had an aggregate population of over 530 million people and accounted for 331 billion vehicle miles during the year ended December 31, 2018.
The purchase price for the acquisition is approximately $3.1 billion, consisting of up to approximately $1.7 billion of our unsecured convertible notes (the “Careem Convertible Notes”) and approximately $1.4 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. The acquisition of Careem’s business is subject to applicable regulatory approvals in certain of the countries in which Careem operates. The transaction is expected to close in January 2020. Following the closing of the acquisition, Careem co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Mudassir Sheikha will continue to lead the Careem business, which will report to its own board comprising three representatives from Uber and two representatives from Careem, which will allow Careem to preserve its brand and market-facing operations.
In April 2019, we entered into a Class A preferred unit purchase agreement (the “Unit Purchase Agreement”) with affiliates of SoftBank Vision Fund (“SoftBank”), Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”), and DENSO Corporation (“DENSO” and, together with SoftBank and Toyota, the “ATG Investors”), pursuant to which the ATG Investors will invest an aggregate of $1.0 billion ($400 million from Toyota, $333 million from SoftBank, and $267 million from DENSO) in a newly formed corporate parent entity for our Advanced Technologies Group (“ATG”). This investment will enable us to raise dedicated capital to fund our ATG business and aims to accelerate the development and commercialization of automated ridesharing services. Pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we agreed to contribute certain of our subsidiaries and all assets and liabilities that are primarily related to our autonomous vehicle technologies (excluding liabilities arising from certain indemnification obligations related to the Levandowski arbitration and any remediation costs associated with certain obligations that may arise as a result of the Waymo settlement, each as described elsewhere in this prospectus), in exchange for common units of ATG representing an 86.2% stake in ATG on a fully diluted basis, reflecting an implied $7.25 billion valuation for ATG immediately following the closing of the investment. The ATG Investors will collectively receive a 13.8% stake in ATG on a fully diluted basis.
In connection with the investment, we have entered into a joint collaboration agreement with Toyota, DENSO, and ATG with respect to next-generation self-driving hardware and the development of self-driving vehicles leveraging technology from each of the parties (the “ATG Collaboration Agreement”), which will be effective as of the closing of the transaction. Pursuant to the ATG Collaboration Agreement, ATG and Toyota will agree on development plans, and thereafter Toyota will contribute to ATG up to an aggregate of $300 million in cash over six semi-annual installments to fund the ongoing activities contemplated under the ATG Collaboration Agreement. The ATG Collaboration Agreement represents an expansion of the existing relationship between ATG and Toyota and adds DENSO to the overall effort.
In April 2019, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with PayPal, Inc. (“PayPal”), pursuant to which PayPal will purchase 11.1 million shares of our common stock from us in a private placement at a price per share equal to the initial public offering price. The sale of the shares in the private placement is subject to certain closing conditions, including the closing of this offering and certain regulatory approvals. Concurrently, and subject to the closing of the private placement, we and PayPal extended our global partnership through the execution of an addendum to our existing commercial agreement. We and PayPal intend to explore future commercial payment collaborations, including the development of our digital wallet.  Recent Operating Results (Preliminary and Unaudited)  Set forth below are preliminary estimates of unaudited selected financial and other information for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and actual unaudited financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2018. Our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2019 are not yet available. The following information reflects our preliminary estimates based on currently available information and is subject to change. We have provided ranges, rather than specific amounts, for the preliminary estimates of the financial information described below primarily because our financial closing procedures for the three months ended March 31, 2019 are not yet complete and, as a result, our final results upon completion of our closing procedures may vary from the preliminary estimates. See the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for additional information regarding factors that could result in differences between the preliminary estimated ranges of certain of our financial results and operating data presented below and the actual financial results and other information we will report for the three months ended March 31, 2019.
  The preliminary estimates for the three months ended March 31, 2019 presented below have been prepared by, and are the responsibility of, management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has not audited, reviewed, compiled, or performed any procedures with respect to such preliminary information nor has PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP audited, reviewed, or compiled the financial information for the comparative three-month period ended March 31, 2018. Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.       (1)  MAPCs represent the number of unique consumers who completed a Ridesharing or New Mobility ride or received an Uber Eats meal on our platform at least once in a given month, averaged over each month in the quarter. MAPCs exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations. MAPCs represent actual results for the periods presented.
  (2)  Trips represent the number of completed consumer Ridesharing or New Mobility rides and Uber Eats meal deliveries in a given period. For example, an UberPOOL ride with three paying consumers represents three unique Trips, whereas an UberX ride with three passengers represents one Trip. Trips exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations. Trips represent actual results for the periods presented.    (3)  Gross Bookings represent the total dollar value, including any applicable taxes, tolls, and fees, of Ridesharing and New Mobility rides, Uber Eats meal deliveries, and amounts paid by shippers for Uber Freight shipments, in each case without any adjustment for consumer discounts and refunds, Driver and restaurant earnings, and Driver incentives. Gross Bookings do not include tips earned by Drivers. Gross Bookings exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations.    (4)  See the section titled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Adjusted Net Revenue” for more information.    (5)  See the section titled “—Notes about Certain Key Metrics—Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) and Margin” for more information.    (6)  See the section titled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Adjusted EBITDA” for more information.  For the three months ended March 31, 2019, we expect revenue to be between $3.0 billion and $3.1 billion compared to $2.6 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2018. We expect Gross Bookings to be between $14.4 billion and $14.7 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2019, compared to $10.9 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2018, which represents an estimated increase of between 33% to 35%. The expected increase in Gross Bookings was primarily driven by a 33% increase in MAPCs over the same period, which drove a 36% increase in Trips. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, we expect net loss attributable    to Uber Technologies, Inc. to be between $1.0 billion and $1.1 billion, compared to net income attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. of $3.7 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2018.
The expected net loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. is due to increased loss from operations for the three months ended March 31, 2019 due to continued investment in our Core Platform, including increased incentive and promotion spend.
Additionally, net income attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. for the three months ended March 31, 2018 was impacted by $3.2 billion of gains from the divestitures of our Russia/CIS operations and our Southeast Asia operations, as well as a $2.0 billion unrealized gain on our investment in Didi during the same period.  We expect our Core Platform Contribution Margin to be within the range of (4)% to (7)% for the three months ended March 31, 2019. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, our Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) was negatively impacted by increased competitive pressures in certain markets, including the United States, as we increased our incentive and promotion spend to maintain our competitive position relative to prior periods. Our incentive and promotion spend varies widely from period to period and within various markets based on competitive dynamics and other factors. As a one-time illustration of this variance, we have calculated an estimated Core Platform Contribution Margin for our top five countries based on Gross Bookings during the three months ended March 31, 2019.
The highest estimated Core Platform Contribution Margin among these countries was approximately 54%, and the lowest estimated Core Platform Contribution Margin was approximately (10)%. The estimated Core Platform Contribution Margin of our top five countries based on Gross Bookings does not represent the overall performance of our Core Platform, which is managed globally.
  The following tables provide reconciliations of our preliminary estimates of Adjusted Net Revenue, Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue, Ridesharing Adjusted Net Revenue, and Uber Eats Adjusted Net Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2019, and reconciliations of actual Adjusted Net Revenue, Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue, Ridesharing Adjusted Net Revenue, and Uber Eats Adjusted Net Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2018.          (1)  Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue includes Ridesharing Adjusted Net Revenue, Uber Eats Adjusted Net Revenue, and Other Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue. Other Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue, which primarily consists of revenue associated with our Vehicle Solutions activities, does not include excess Driver incentives or Driver referrals and is equal to GAAP Other Core Platform revenue in all periods.
  The following table provides a reconciliation of our preliminary estimates of net loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. to our preliminary estimates of Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2019, and reconciles actual net income attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. to actual Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2018.       (1)  The components of other income (expense), net are as follows:     How We Approach the Future  We are on a new path forward with the hiring of our Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi in September 2017 following many challenges regarding our culture, workplace practices, and reputation. In addition to hiring our Chief Executive Officer, we have revamped our senior executive team, hiring respected leaders with extensive public and private sector experience, including our Chief Financial Officer Nelson Chai, Chief Operating Officer Barney Harford, Chief Legal Officer Tony West, Chief People Officer Nikki Krishnamurthy, Chief Marketing Officer Rebecca Messina, Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer Bo Young Lee, Chief Trust and Security Officer Matt Olsen, and Chief Compliance and Ethics Officer Scott Schools. Our leadership team has sought to reform our culture fundamentally by improving our governance structure, strengthening our compliance program, creating and embracing new cultural norms, committing to diversity and inclusion, and rebuilding our relationships with employees, Drivers, consumers, cities, and regulators.
  We have significantly improved our governance structure and are adopting policies that are similar to those adopted by leading Fortune 500 companies, and we believe these governance improvements will benefit our performance. We built a seasoned, qualified board of directors with the addition of new independent directors in 2017 and 2018, including Ursula Burns, Wan Ling Martello, Ronald Sugar, and John Thain. We divided the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer and appointed Dr. Sugar as independent Chairperson. We replaced our supervoting structure with a one-share, one-vote structure. We believe that these continuing governance changes will help us to scale our business responsibly, effectively manage risk, and act with integrity and accountability to all stakeholders. We believe that going public will further enhance our transparency with shareholders, regulators, and government officials.
We are committed to building a best-in-class compliance program. We have made tremendous progress in creating a program that is designed to prevent and detect violations of corporate policy, law, and regulations. We continue to enhance our compliance and ethics program by conducting top-down risk assessments and developing policies and practices customized for our growing and evolving global business.
We place diversity and inclusion at the core of everything we do. We strive to create a workplace that is inclusive of everyone, where every person can be authentic, and where that authenticity is celebrated as a strength. In pursuit of that goal, our senior leadership team sponsors and provides resources to our employee resource groups (“ERGs”), which are created and operated by our employees, and which are constantly working to further build and improve our culture.  We embrace the future with optimism, and we work towards our mission based on eight cultural norms. Our team came together to write these norms from the ground up to reflect who we are and where we are going.      •    We do the right thing. Period.
•    We build globally, we live locally. We harness the power and scale of our global operations to deeply connect with the cities, communities, drivers, and riders that we serve every day.      •    We are customer obsessed. We work tirelessly to earn our customers’ trust and business by solving their problems, maximizing their earnings, or lowering their costs. We surprise and delight them. We make short-term sacrifices for a lifetime of loyalty.
•    We celebrate differences. We stand apart from the average. We ensure people of diverse backgrounds feel welcome. We encourage different opinions and approaches to be heard, and then we come together and build.      •    We act like owners. We seek out problems, and we solve them. We help each other and those who matter to us. We have a bias for action and accountability. We finish what we start, and we build Uber to last. And when we make mistakes, we’ll own up to them.
•    We persevere. We believe in the power of grit. We don’t seek the easy path. We look for the toughest challenges, and we push. Our collective resilience is our secret weapon.      •    We value ideas over hierarchy. We believe that the best ideas can come from anywhere, both inside and outside our company. Our job is to seek out those ideas, to shape and improve them through candid debate, and to take them from concept to action.      •    We make big bold bets. Sometimes we fail, but failure makes us smarter. We get back up, we make the next bet, and we go!  We are committed to using a proactive and collaborative approach with regulators. As a result, we are rebuilding and strengthening our relationships with regulators around the world and engaging in an ongoing, constructive dialogue. For example, in Berlin and Munich, we have actively worked with regulators to introduce   eco-friendly products, such as dockless e-bikes and our all-electric vehicle product, Uber Green, to help those cities decrease air pollution, reduce urban congestion, and increase access to clean transportation options. Additionally, in 2018, we partnered with officials in the province of Mendoza, Argentina to design the country’s first ridesharing regulations. We believe that this long-term collaborative approach will enable us to drive positive legislative change and allow people all over the globe to benefit from modern and efficient transportation options.  We strengthened our commitment to Drivers as part of our new path forward. In June 2017, we launched our Driver-focused “180 Days of Change” campaign, during which we created 38 new features and improvements for Drivers, crafted specifically to address their feedback. These improvements, which include tipping, two-minute cancellation times, 24/7 phone support, long-trip notifications, and live rider locations, were initially launched in the United States and we are continuing to roll these improvements out globally.
We have created an “Early Tester Program” for Drivers to try features and updates before they are widely available, and we continue to prioritize and promote good Driver relations. In November 2018, we introduced a Driver rewards program, Uber Pro, in beta mode in eight cities in the United States. We expect Uber Pro to provide Drivers with the opportunity to increase their earnings, receive discounts on vehicle maintenance and gas, and receive full tuition reimbursement to complete courses toward an undergraduate degree or a non-degree certificate through Arizona State University Online.
It is a new day at Uber.  Our Platform  Massive Network  We have a massive, efficient, and intelligent network consisting of tens of millions of Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, carriers, and dockless e-bikes and e-scooters, as well as underlying data, technology, and shared infrastructure. Our network becomes smarter with every trip. In over 700 cities around the world, our network powers movement at the touch of a button for millions, and we hope eventually billions, of people. We have massive network scale and liquidity, with 1.5 billion Trips and an average wait time of five minutes for a rider to be picked up by a Driver in the quarter ended December 31, 2018. Every node we add to our network increases liquidity, and we intend to continue to add more Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, carriers, and dockless e-bikes and e-scooters. We also hope to add autonomous vehicles, delivery drones, and vertical takeoff and landing vehicles to our network, along with other future innovations.
  Our strategy is to create the largest network in each market so that we can have the greatest liquidity network effect, which we believe leads to a margin advantage.      •    Starting with supply to create a liquidity network effect.
•    Increasing scale, creating category leadership and a margin advantage. We can choose to use incentives, such as promotions for Drivers and consumers, to attract platform users on both sides of our network, which can result in a negative margin until we reach sufficient scale to reduce incentives. In certain markets, other operators may use incentives to attempt to mitigate the advantages of our more liquid network, and we will generally choose to match these incentives, even if it results in a negative margin, to compete effectively and grow our business. Generally, for a given geographic market, we believe that the operator with the larger network will have a higher margin than the operator with the smaller network. To the extent that competing ridesharing category participants choose to shift their strategy towards shorter-term profitability by reducing their incentives or employing other means of increasing their take rate, we believe that we would not be required to invest as heavily in incentives given the impact of price and Driver earnings on consumer and Driver behavior, respectively. In addition to competing against ridesharing category participants, we also expect to continue to use Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions to grow our business relative to lower-priced alternatives, such as personal vehicle ownership, and to maintain balance between Driver supply and consumer demand.  Leading Technology  Our technology manages dynamic, real-world interactions every second of every day. We have built proprietary marketplace, routing, and payments technologies.      •    Marketplace technologies. Our marketplace technologies comprise the real-time algorithmic decision engine that matches supply and demand for our Personal Mobility, Uber Eats, and Uber Freight offerings.      –    Demand prediction. Our proprietary demand prediction engine uses data to predict when and where peak ride and meal order volume will occur, allowing us to manage supply and demand in a city efficiently.
  –    Matching and dispatching. Our proprietary matching and dispatching algorithms generate more than 30 million match pair predictions per minute.      –    Pricing. Our technology sets product pricing in real-time at a local level. In areas and times of high demand, we deploy dynamic pricing to help restore balance between Driver supply and consumer demand. Dynamic pricing helps to balance demand during our busiest times so that a reliable ride is always within reach.
•    Routing technologies. We use advanced routing algorithms to build a carefully optimized system capable of handling hundreds of thousands of ETA requests per second.      •    Payments technologies. We have developed a robust payments infrastructure that includes flexible, secure, and trusted payment options.      •    Artificial intelligence and machine learning. We have built a machine learning software platform that powers hundreds of models behind our data-driven services across our offerings and in customer service and safety.
Our regional on-the-ground operations teams use their extensive market-specific knowledge to rapidly launch and scale products, support Drivers, consumers, and restaurants, and build and enhance relationships with cities and regulators.      •    Regional presence, global scale. We have regional operations teams in all of our markets. These regional on-the-ground teams enable us to better understand and contribute to communities that we serve. For example, as we expand dockless e-bikes and e-scooters into new cities, we can leverage our regional operations teams to more efficiently launch in a given market.      •    Platform user support. We are committed to providing reliable, regional, on-the-ground support for Drivers and consumers, including 24/7 phone support in the United States and certain other markets for Drivers and in-app support for consumers.  Product Expertise  Our products are built with the expertise that allows us to set the standard for powering movement on-demand, provide platform users with a contextual, intuitive interface, continually evolve features and functionality, and deliver safety and trust.
•    On-demand experience. We design mobile-native products that have defined the on-demand experience to power movement.      •    Contextual, intuitive interface. We aim to provide products that are consistent and easy-to-use for all platform users. We combine a sleek and seamless user interface with our artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to create a sophisticated yet user-friendly experience.      •    Continuous, iterative feature and function development. By leveraging our network scale, we rapidly introduce and iterate new products and features in multiple markets across the globe.      •    Safety and trust. We design our products to include robust safety tools for all platform users. For example, in 2018, we launched our Safety Toolkit, which allows both Drivers and consumers to access a menu of safety features directly from the home screen of our app. We have a two-way ratings system that enables both Drivers and consumers to rate each other, which increases accountability on our platform.
 We also believe that home delivery can address a portion of the $2.0 trillion eat-in restaurant spend, as more consumers choose to have prepared meals from restaurants delivered. Therefore, we estimate our TAM to be the entire $2.8 trillion consumer food services spend. However, given that spend at eat-in restaurants is often tied to    the dining experience, we do not expect to address all of the eat-in spending included in our TAM. In addition, Euromonitor International estimated that global spend through store-based grocery retailers was $6.3 trillion in 2017. While we do not include this spend in the estimates for our TAM, we believe that Uber Eats can address a portion of this grocery spend with our existing meal delivery product.  Uber Freight  According to the American Trucking Associations, businesses spent $700 billion on trucking in the United States in 2017. Uber Freight currently addresses the brokerage portion of the United States market, which Armstrong & Associates estimates was $72 billion in 2017. We believe the business logistics market is moving towards an on-demand logistics model, as evidenced by the brokerage segment growing at a compound annual growth rate of over 11% from 1995 to 2017. We believe that we penetrated less than 0.1% of this $700 billion market given our $359 million of Uber Freight Gross Bookings for the year ended December 31, 2018.  While Uber Freight currently operates only in the United States, in March 2019, we announced the expansion of our Uber Freight offering into Europe. According to Armstrong & Associates, the European market for freight trucking was $600 billion in 2017, which, together with the $700 billion that businesses spent on trucking in the United States in 2017, totals an addressable market of $1.3 trillion that we believe represents the SAM for our Uber Freight offering. Globally, Armstrong & Associates estimates the market for freight trucking represented a $3.8 trillion opportunity in 2017, representing our TAM as we believe that we will address an increasing portion of the market over time.  Our Growth Strategy  Key elements of our growth strategy include:      •    Increasing Ridesharing penetration in existing markets;      •    Expanding Personal Mobility into new markets;      •    Continuing to invest in and expand Uber Eats;      •    Pursuing targeted investments and acquisitions;      •    Leveraging our platform to launch new products;      •    Increasing Driver and consumer engagement;      •    Continuing to invest in and expand Uber Freight;      •    Continuing to innovate and transform our products to meet platform user needs; and      •    Investing in advanced technologies, including autonomous vehicle technologies.
Investing in our common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. You should carefully consider these risks before making an investment. The following are some of these risks, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business financial condition, operating results, or prospects.      •    The personal mobility, meal delivery, and logistics industries are highly competitive, with well-established and low-cost alternatives that have been available for decades, low barriers to entry, low switching costs, and well-capitalized competitors in nearly every major geographic region.
  •    To remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions.      •    We have incurred significant losses since inception, including in the United States and other major markets. We expect our operating expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future, and we may not achieve profitability.      •    Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees instead of independent contractors.      •    If we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, and carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users.      •    Our workplace culture and forward-leaning approach created operational, compliance, and cultural challenges and our efforts to address these challenges may not be successful.      •    Maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our business prospects. We have previously received significant media coverage and negative publicity, particularly in 2017, regarding our brand and reputation, and a failure to rehabilitate our brand and reputation will cause our business to suffer.
•    Our workforce and operations have grown substantially since our inception and we expect that they will continue to do so. If we are unable to effectively manage that growth, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected.      •    Platform users may engage in, or be subject to, criminal, violent, inappropriate, or dangerous activity that results in major safety incidents, which may harm our ability to attract and retain Drivers, consumers, restaurants, shippers, and carriers.      •    We are making substantial investments in new offerings and technologies, and expect to increase such investments in the future. These new ventures are inherently risky, and we may never realize any expected benefits from them.      •    We generate a significant percentage of our Gross Bookings from trips in large metropolitan areas and trips to and from airports, and these operations may be negatively affected.      •    We may fail to develop and successfully commercialize autonomous vehicle technologies and expect that our competitors will develop such technologies before us, and such technologies may fail to perform as expected, or may be inferior to those developed by our competitors.
•    Our potential acquisition of Careem is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.
•    We may experience security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of, or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data, employee data, or platform user data.      •    We may continue to be blocked from or limited in providing or operating our products and offerings in certain jurisdictions, and may be required to modify our business model in those jurisdictions as a result.      •    Our business is subject to numerous legal and regulatory risks that could have an adverse impact on our business and future prospects.  Corporate Information  We were founded in 2009 and incorporated as Ubercab, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in July 2010. In February 2011, we changed our name to Uber Technologies, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at    1455 Market Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, California 94103, and our telephone number is (415) 612-8582. Our website address is www.uber.com.
Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part.
Uber, Uber Technologies, the Uber logo, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Uber appearing in this prospectus are the property of Uber. Trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders.
180,000,000 shares  Common stock offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option     27,000,000 shares  Common stock sold by us in the private placement    Shortly after the closing of this offering, subject to certain regulatory approvals, PayPal will purchase $500 million of our common stock from us in a private placement at a price per share equal to the initial public offering price. Based on the initial public offering price of $45.00 per share, PayPal will purchase 11,111,112 shares. We will receive the full proceeds and will not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares that are sold in the private placement. The sale of the shares in the private placement is subject to certain closing conditions, including the completion of this offering and certain regulatory approvals. The sale of these shares to PayPal will not be registered in this offering and will be subject to a lockup agreement with the underwriters for a period of 270 days after the date of this prospectus. See the section titled “Underwriters” for additional information regarding such restrictions.
1,682,521,965 shares  Use of proceeds    We estimate that net proceeds to us from the sale of our common stock in this offering will be approximately $8.0 billion after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
Additionally, our proceeds from the private placement to PayPal will be $500 million. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of common stock in this offering by the selling stockholders.
   The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our capitalization and financial flexibility and create a public market for our common stock. We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. We expect to use a portion of the net proceeds we receive to satisfy a portion of the anticipated tax withholding and remittance obligations related to the settlement of our outstanding restricted stock units (“RSUs”). We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or make investments in businesses, products, offerings, and technologies, although we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this   time. See the section titled “Use of Proceeds” for additional information.
See the section titled “Risk Factors” and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock.
To acknowledge Drivers who have participated in our success, we paid a one-time cash Driver appreciation reward to qualifying Drivers in jurisdictions where we operate through owned operations, in an aggregate amount of approximately $300 million to over 1.1 million qualifying Drivers around the world. We paid the Driver appreciation reward to qualifying Drivers on April 27, 2019.
   In the United States, each qualifying Driver received a Driver appreciation reward in an amount equal to $100, $500, $1,000, $10,000, $20,000, or $40,000, based on the number of lifetime Trips completed by the qualifying Driver. The amount of the Driver appreciation reward paid to qualifying Drivers outside the United States was based on the same Trip criteria, but was subject to adjustment on a region-by-region basis to account for differences in average hourly earnings by region. Whether a Driver qualified for a Driver appreciation reward was based on the following criteria:     •   one Trip completed in 2019 as of April 7, 2019;     •   (i) 2,500, (ii) 5,000, (iii) 10,000, (iv) 20,000, (v) 30,000, or (vi) 40,000 lifetime Trips completed as of April 7, 2019; and     •   the Driver is in good standing.
   Qualifying Drivers received only one Driver appreciation reward, which was the largest Driver appreciation reward for which they were eligible.
At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 5,400,000 shares of common stock, or up to 3% of the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to certain qualifying Drivers in the United States. To qualify for the directed share program, a Driver must meet the minimum criteria for the Driver appreciation reward. The sales will be made at our direction by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and its affiliates through a directed share program. The number of shares of our common stock available for sale to the general public in this offering will be reduced to the extent that such qualifying Drivers purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares   not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same terms as the other shares of common stock offered by this prospectus. Participants in this directed share program will not be subject to lockup or market standoff restrictions with the underwriters or with us with respect to any shares purchased through the directed share program.
  In addition, unless we specifically state otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes:      •    the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the adoption of our amended and restated bylaws, each of which will be in effect prior to the closing of this offering;      •    the automatic conversion of 903.6 million shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2018 into 903.6 million shares of our common stock immediately prior to the closing of this offering;      •    the net issuance of 39.6 million shares of our common stock subject to RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2018, for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of December 31, 2018 and the liquidity event-based vesting condition will be satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding 23.2 million shares to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the initial public offering price of $45.00 per share and an assumed 37% tax withholding rate);      •    the cash exercise of a warrant to purchase 150,071 shares of our Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2018, which will result in the issuance of 150,071 shares of common stock in connection with this offering;      •    922,655 shares of our Series G redeemable convertible preferred stock issued in February 2019 upon the exercise of a warrant that was outstanding as of December 31, 2018, which will automatically convert into 922,655 shares of common stock in connection with this offering;      •    90.0 million shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of $2.9 billion accrued principal and accrued and unpaid interest on our outstanding unsecured paid-in-kind (“PIK”) convertible notes due 2021 (the “2021 Convertible Notes”) and unsecured PIK convertible notes due 2022 (the “2022 Convertible Notes,” and together with the 2021 Convertible Notes, the “Convertible Notes”) outstanding as of December 31, 2018 in connection with the closing of this offering;      •    no exercise of outstanding stock options or settlement of outstanding RSUs subsequent to December 31, 2018; and      •    no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
The following tables summarize our consolidated financial and operating data. The summary consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017, and 2018 (except the pro forma share and pro forma net income per share information) and the summary consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2018 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.  You should read the following summary consolidated financial and operating data together with the sections titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Operating Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary consolidated financial and operating data in this section are not intended to replace our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and are qualified in their entirety by our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our results in any future period.
   (2)  The pro forma as adjusted consolidated balance sheet data gives effect to (i) the pro forma items described in footnote (1) above and (ii) the issuance and sale by us of 180.0 million shares of our common stock in this offering at the initial public offering price of $45.00 per share, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us and the use of proceeds to satisfy the withholding tax obligations described in the footnote above, and (iii) the issuance and sale by us of 11.1 million shares of our common stock in the private placement to PayPal at the initial public offering price of $45.00 per share.    (3)  Working capital is defined as total current assets less total current liabilities. See our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus for further details regarding our current assets and current liabilities.
  (1)  MAPCs represent the number of unique consumers who completed a Ridesharing or New Mobility ride or received an Uber Eats meal on our platform at least once in a given month, averaged over each month in the quarter. MAPCs presented for an annual period are MAPCs for the fourth quarter of the year. MAPCs exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations.
   (2)  Trips represent the number of completed consumer Ridesharing or New Mobility rides and Uber Eats meal deliveries in a given period. For example, an UberPOOL ride with three paying consumers represents three unique Trips, whereas an UberX ride with three passengers represents one Trip. Trips exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations.
   (3)  Gross Bookings represent the total dollar value, including any applicable taxes, tolls, and fees, of Ridesharing and New Mobility rides, Uber Eats meal deliveries, and amounts paid by shippers for Uber Freight shipments, in each case without any adjustment for consumer discounts and refunds, Driver and restaurant earnings, and Driver incentives. Gross Bookings do not include tips earned by Drivers. Gross Bookings exclude the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations.    (4)  See the section titled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Adjusted Net Revenue” below for more information.    (5)  See the section titled “—Notes about Certain Key Metrics—Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) and Margin” below for more information.    (6)  See the section titled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Adjusted EBITDA” below for more information.  Notes about Certain Key Metrics  Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) and Margin  We define Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) as Core Platform revenue less the following direct costs and expenses of our Core Platform: (i) cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization; (ii) operations and support; (iii) sales and marketing; (iv) research and development; and (v) general and administrative. Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) also reflects any applicable exclusions from Adjusted EBITDA and excludes the impact of our 2018 Divested Operations.  We define Core Platform Contribution Margin as Core Platform Contribution Profit (Loss) as a percentage of Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue.  Core Platform Contribution Margin demonstrates the margin that we generate after direct expenses. We believe that Core Platform Contribution Margin is a useful indicator of the economics of our Core Platform, as it does not include indirect unallocated research and development and general and administrative expenses (including expenses for ATG and Other Technology Programs). However, Core Platform Contribution Margin is not a financial measure of, nor does it imply, profitability. We have not yet achieved profitability, and even if our revenue exceeds our direct expenses over time, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. The relationship of revenue to direct expenses is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Other companies that present contribution margin calculate it differently and, therefore, similarly titled measures presented by other companies may not be directly comparable to ours. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Segments” for additional information regarding our segment measures.
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  We collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business and assess our performance. In addition to revenue, net income (loss), loss from operations, and other results under GAAP, we use Adjusted Net Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA, which are described below, to evaluate our business. We have included these non-GAAP financial measures in this prospectus because they are key measures used by our management to evaluate our operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. Our calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures, if any, reported by our peer companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Adjusted Net Revenue  We define Adjusted Net Revenue as revenue less (i) excess Driver incentives and (ii) Driver referrals. We define Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue as Core Platform revenue less (i) excess Driver incentives and (ii) Driver referrals. We believe that these measures are informative of our top line performance because they measure the total net financial activity reflected in the amount earned by us after taking into account all Driver and restaurant earnings, Driver incentives, and Driver referrals. Adjusted Net Revenue is lower than revenue in all reported periods.
Excess Driver incentives refer to cumulative payments, including incentives but excluding Driver referrals, to a Driver that exceed the cumulative revenue that we recognize from a Driver with no future guarantee of additional revenue. Cumulative payments to a Driver could exceed cumulative revenue from a Driver as a result of Driver incentives or when the amount paid to a Driver for a Trip exceeds the fare charged to the consumer. Further, cumulative payments to Drivers for Uber Eats deliveries historically have exceeded the cumulative delivery fees paid by consumers. Excess Driver incentives are recorded in cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization. Driver referrals are recorded in sales and marketing expenses. Management views Driver incentives and Driver referrals as Driver payments in the aggregate, whether they are classified as Driver incentives, excess Driver incentives, or Driver referrals.  These amounts largely depend on our business decisions. We include these amounts in Adjusted Net Revenue as it is useful to evaluate how increasing or decreasing incentives would impact our top line performance, and the overall net financial activity between us and our customers, which ultimately impacts our Take Rate.
Adjusted Net Revenue has limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and is not meant as a substitute for revenue prepared in accordance with GAAP.
  The following tables present reconciliations of Adjusted Net Revenue and Core Platform Adjusted Net Revenue to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for each of the periods indicated:        The comparability of the results for each of the periods presented above was impacted by our 2018 Divested Operations. The 2018 Divested Operations decreased Adjusted Net Revenue by $49 million, $55 million, and $4 million in 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively, due to excess Driver incentives and Driver referrals for the 2018 Divested Operations being greater than revenue for the 2018 Divested Operations in each period. In addition, in 2018, we incurred charges for certain legal, tax, and regulatory reserves and settlements, which were classified in contra-revenue, as these charges include payments or potential payments to or on behalf of Drivers. These charges decreased revenue by $97 million in 2018.  Adjusted EBITDA  We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding (i) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, (ii) net income (loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest, net of tax (iii) benefit from (provision for) income taxes, (iv) income (loss) from equity method investment, net of tax, (v) interest expense, (vi) other income (expense), net, (vii) depreciation and amortization, (viii) stock-based compensation expense, (ix) legal, tax, and regulatory reserves and settlements, (x) asset impairment/loss on sale of assets, (xi) acquisition and financing related expenses, and (xii) restructuring charges.  We have included Adjusted EBITDA in this prospectus because it is a key measure used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. In addition, it provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effect of certain non-cash expenses and certain variable charges.
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and is not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following:      •    Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges, such as depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets, and although these are non-cash charges, the assets    being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect all cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements;      •    Adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy;      •    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect period to period changes in taxes, income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes;      •    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the components of other income (expense), net, which includes interest income, foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net, gain on divestitures, unrealized gain on investments, and change in fair value of embedded derivatives; and      •    Adjusted EBITDA excludes legal, tax, and regulatory reserves and settlements that may reduce cash available to us.  The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated:     The comparability of the results for each of the periods presented above was impacted by our 2018 Divested Operations. The 2018 Divested Operations decreased net income (loss) attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. by $229 million, $481 million, and $127 million in 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively.
  