The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information and financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to this summary, we urge you to read the entire prospectus carefully, especially the risks of investing in our ADSs discussed under "Risk Factors," before deciding whether to buy our ADSs. This prospectus contains estimates and information concerning our industry, including market position, market size and growth rates of the markets in which we participate, that are based on publicly available industry publications and reports. Our industry involves a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the "Risk Factors" section. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications and reports.
We are an innovative and fast-growing "new e-commerce" platform that provides buyers with value-for-money merchandise and fun and interactive shopping experiences. Our Pinduoduo mobile platform offers a comprehensive selection of attractively priced merchandise, featuring a dynamic social shopping experience that leverages social networks as an effective and efficient tool for buyer acquisition and engagement. As a result of our innovative business model, we have been able to quickly expand our buyer base and establish our brand recognition and market position. We are one of the leading Chinese e-commerce players in terms of GMV and the number of total orders. Our GMV in 2017 and 2018 was RMB141.2 billion (US$20.6 billion) and RMB471.6 billion (US$68.7 billion), respectively. In 2017 and 2018, the number of total orders placed on our  Pinduoduo mobile platform reached 4.3 billion and 11.1 billion, implying average daily orders of 11.8 million and 30.4 million, respectively.
We pioneered an innovative "team purchase" model on our platform. Buyers can access our platform and make team purchases by either visiting our platform directly or through popular social networks, such as Weixin and QQ. They are encouraged to share product information on such social networks, and invite their friends, family and social contacts to form a shopping team to enjoy the more attractive prices available under the "team purchase" option. As a result, buyers on our platform actively introduce us and the products available on our platform to their friends, family and social contacts, some of whom may be new to our platform. Our platform is able to effectively convert such users into buyers as they are more likely to click on links shared by existing social contacts. New buyers in turn further refer our platform to their broader family and social networks, generating low-cost organic traffic and frequent interactions and leading to the exponential growth of our buyer base. In 2017 and 2018, the number of active buyers on our platform reached 245 million and 418 million, respectively.
Our large and highly active buyer base has helped attract merchants to our platform, and the scale of our sales volume has encouraged merchants to offer even more competitive prices and customized products and services to buyers, thus forming a virtuous cycle. In 2018, we had 3.6 million active merchants on our platform, offering a broad range of product categories.
Our "team purchase" model has transformed online shopping into a dynamic social experience. We have consciously built our platform to resemble a "virtual bazaar" where buyers browse and explore a full spectrum of products while interacting with one another. In contrast to the conventional search-based "inventory index" model, our platform brings out the fun and excitement of discovery and shopping. This embedded social element has fostered a highly engaged user base. For example, in May 2018, we launched Duo Duo Orchard, an engaging in-app game that allows users to plant and grow a virtual tree on our platform to win prizes in the form of real fruits. In the fourth quarter of 2017 and fourth quarter of 2018, average monthly active users for our mobile app were 141 million and 273 million, respectively.
Not only is the "team purchase" model an efficient tool for user engagement and expansion, it also helps us understand our users better so that we could help improve the supply chain efficiency of the retail market. We can channel user preferences based on our predictive model to merchants so that they can adjust their production, inventory planning, sales plans, and logistics services accordingly. As a result, upstream suppliers can be more tightly connected and better informed of consumer demand, transformed by the "C2M" (Consumer-to-Manufacturer) model.
As a pioneer in the new e-commerce era, we leveraged our platform and developed "Internet + Agriculture" initiative to facilitate direct sales between small-scale farmers and consumers. Small-scale farmers in China have traditionally relied heavily on layers of distributors to market and sell their produce to the broader consumer base, which is highly inefficient. We believe our "team purchase" model provides an alternative solution. By making recommendations to consumers based on our understanding of their preferences in product variety and price through our distributed AI framework, we are able to aggregate demand, thereby generating large volumes of orders for farmers. The large demand helps farmers to directly sell to consumers without going through layers of distributors, thereby improving the overall supply chain efficiency and reducing cost. We believe the current logistic penetration and solutions in China are capable of supporting basic fulfillment and delivery for most of the agricultural products. Over time, as we develop better understanding of our users, our platform would be able to educate and help farmers to better plan their product selections and farming activities accordingly. Through such an initiative, consumers end up getting fresher and safer products for a lower price, while farmers earn more, which can be reinvested in their farming equipment and practices to further improve production quantity and quality, creating a virtuous cycle.
Technology and innovation are at the core of our company. The strong and extensive technology background of our senior management team has led us to the forefront of the e-commerce industry. We have developed our own proprietary technology infrastructure that seamlessly connects our platform with buyers and merchants and supports our business growth. In addition, we have focused on developing our technological strengths in big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities based on a distributed artificial intelligence framework to efficiently design, manage and operate the services and solutions on our platform.
We have experienced substantial growth since our inception in 2015. In addition to our marketplace services, we also operated an online direct sales business from which we derived a substantial majority of our revenues from 2015 to 2016. This business no longer generates revenues after we fully transitioned into our current marketplace model in the first quarter of 2017. We currently generate revenues primarily from online marketplace services. Our revenues grew from RMB504.9 million in 2016 to RMB1,744.1 million (US$253.9 million) in 2017, and grew from RMB564.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2017 to RMB7,466.1 million (US$1,087.1 million) in the same period in 2018. We incurred net loss of RMB292.0 million and RMB525.1 million (US$76.5 million) in 2016 and 2017, respectively. We incurred net loss of RMB7,793.2 million (US$1,134.7 million) in the nine months ended September 30, 2018, compared to net loss of RMB538.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2017.
The total retail sales of consumer goods in China increased from RMB24.3 trillion (US$3.5 trillion) in 2013 to RMB36.6 trillion (US$5.3 trillion) in 2017, according to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, or NBS. China's retail market is expected to continue to experience strong growth, and the overall retail market size is expected to exceed RMB48.0 trillion (US$7.0 trillion) in 2020, according to the Ministry of Commerce's 13th Five-Year Plan for Domestic Trade. Online shopping has been embraced by consumers in China and grown at an even faster rate. According to iResearch, China's online retail market has increased from RMB1.9 trillion (US$0.3 trillion) in 2013 to RMB6.1 trillion (US$0.9 trillion) in 2017, representing a compound annual  growth rate, or CAGR, of 33.9%, and is projected to reach RMB10.8 trillion (US$1.6 trillion) by 2020. At the same time, China's online shopping population grew from 302 million in 2013 to 533 million out of 753 million mobile internet users in 2017, according to China Internet Network Information Center, or CNNIC.
We believe that the following trends are driving the continued growth of China's e-commerce industry and are reshaping its future form. First, mobile shopping has become the dominant form of online retail in China, as consumers increasingly use their fragmented time to browse and shop anywhere, anytime. Second, the extensive logistics infrastructure and wide adoption of mobile payment have made mobile shopping increasingly efficient and convenient. Third, lower-tier cities in China have become an increasingly important market for e-commerce due to the rising spending power and a desire for a better standard of living. Fourth, there is a massive base of small and micro enterprises which could benefit from more direct access to consumers.
Fueled by these powerful trends, a new form of e-commerce, which is referred to as "new e-commerce," is emerging. We believe that "new e-commerce" has the following key characteristics:  • Spontaneous shopping.  The convenience of mobile shopping and payment presents an opportunity for merchants to continuously connect with consumers and enable consumers to make purchases. This creates a multitude of new consumption scenarios and greatly enables consumers to shop anywhere, anytime.    • Deepened understanding of users.  The development and integration of technologies such as big data analytics and machine learning have enabled e-commerce platforms to understand their users' behaviors and preferences more deeply. Instead of a search-based model where consumers type in keywords to find the products they desire, products are directly displayed and recommended to them, resulting in higher buyer engagement.    • Social element in shopping behavior.  Young people in China are native users of mobile internet and social networks and are familiar with using the internet in nearly every aspect of their lives, including sharing information and experiences and socializing, which has also permeated their shopping behavior.    • Enhanced supply chain management.  The massive volume of data generated from a large number of transactions could be utilized to allow manufacturers to achieve more efficient manufacturing and inventory planning and to substantially reduce intermediary costs incurred.
In addition, China has a massive agricultural market that we are addressing. According to National Bureau of Statistics, China's total agricultural GDP reached RMB6,801 billion (US$990.2 billion) in 2017. However, China's agricultural market is highly fragmented and dispersed among small rural production sites that work independently from one another. In addition, small-scale farmers in China also rely heavily on distributors to market and distribute their products, while distributors typically apply multiple rounds of price mark-ups before products finally reach consumers. The multiple layers of distribution tend to prolong product delivery time, increase product spoilage rates and reduce shelf life. The inefficiency in agricultural production and distribution has led to China's active promotion of innovation in agriculture business and distribution, in particular, encouraging e-commerce platforms to develop agricultural e-commerce business.
According to the latest target set by the Ministry of Agriculture of China, total e-commerce sales of agricultural goods in China is expected to reach RMB800 billion (US$116.5 billion) in 2020 from RMB150 billion in 2015, representing a CAGR of 39.8%.
We believe that the following strengths contribute to our success and differentiate us from our competitors: • innovative "new e-commerce" platform with rapid growth;  • value-for-money merchandise with a strong focus on quality control;  • highly active buyer base cultivated by a fun and interactive shopping experience;  • strong commitment to technology; and  • experienced management team with extensive technology and operational background.
We intend to pursue the following growth strategies: • increase our buyer base and engagement;  • expand merchandise choices and offerings;  • enhance user trust, brand recognition and continue to adhere to strict quality control;  • further improve technology and distributed artificial intelligence capability;  • pursue select strategic investment and expansion opportunities; and  • attract and retain talents.
Our ability to execute our strategies is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those relating to our ability to: • maintain the growth that we have experienced to date;  • better understand buyer needs and provide products and services to attract and retain buyers;  • maintain and enhance the recognition and reputation of our brand;  • rely on merchants and third-party logistics service providers to provide delivery services to our buyers;   • continue growing our buyer base;  • maintain and further improve our quality control policies and measures;  • comply with evolving PRC laws and regulations;  • compete effectively;  • establish and maintain relationships with merchants;  • maintain the proper functioning of our technology infrastructure; and  • protect the data and confidential information of buyers, merchants and our network against security breaches.
We commenced our commercial operations in 2015 through Hangzhou Aimi Network Technology Co., Ltd., or Hangzhou Aimi, and Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd., or  Shanghai Xunmeng, in parallel. In June 2016, to streamline the operations of these two companies, Hangzhou Aimi obtained 100% equity interest in Shanghai Xunmeng, and Shanghai Xunmeng became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hangzhou Aimi.
We incorporated Walnut Street Group Holding Limited under the laws of the Cayman Islands as our offshore holding company in April 2015 to facilitate offshore financing. In the same month, we established HongKong Walnut Street Limited, or Walnut HK, our wholly-owned Hong Kong subsidiary, and Walnut HK established a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Hangzhou Weimi Network Technology Co., Ltd., or Hangzhou Weimi. Walnut HK established two additional wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries, Walnut Street (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
(formerly known as Shanghai Pinduoduo Network Technology Co., Ltd.) and Shenzhen Qianhai Xinzhijiang Information Technology Co., Ltd., in January 2018 and April 2018, respectively, which, together with Hangzhou Weimi, are referred to as our WFOEs in this prospectus. In July 2018, we renamed our company as Pinduoduo Inc. and listed our ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "PDD."          Due to restrictions imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign ownership of companies that engage in internet and other related business, Hangzhou Weimi later entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Hangzhou Aimi, which we refer to as our VIE in this prospectus, and its shareholders. We depend on these contractual arrangements with our VIE, in which we have no ownership interests, and its shareholders to conduct most aspects of our operation. We have relied and expect to continue to rely on these contractual arrangements to conduct our business in China.
For more details, see "Corporate History and Structure—Contractual Arrangements with Our VIE and Its Shareholders." The shareholders of our VIE may have potential conflicts of interest with us. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure—The shareholders of our VIE may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition."          Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries may pay cash dividends to us out of their respective accumulated profits. However, the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make such distribution to us is subject to various PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to fund certain statutory funds, as well as potential restriction on currency exchange and capital controls imposed by the PRC government. For more details, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business in China—We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business" and "Regulation—Regulations Relating to Dividend Distributions."          As a result of our direct ownership in our WFOEs and the variable interest entity contractual arrangements, we are regarded as the primary beneficiary of our VIE. We treat it and its subsidiaries as our consolidated affiliated entities under U.S. GAAP, and have consolidated the financial results of these entities in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and our VIE and its principal subsidiary, as of the date of this prospectus:  Note:  (1)Messrs. Lei Chen, Qin Sun and Zhen Zhang are beneficiary owners of our company and hold 86.6%, 4.4% and 0.1% equity interests in Hangzhou Aimi, respectively. They are either directors or employees of our company. The remaining 8.9% equity interests in Hangzhou Aimi are held by Linzhi Tencent Technology Co., Ltd., which is an affiliate of one of our shareholders.
We have established an executive partnership, the Pinduoduo Partnership, to help us better manage our business and to carry out our vision, mission and value continuously. The Pinduoduo Partnership, once effective, will be entitled to appoint Executive Directors and nominate and recommend the chief executive officer of our company. Such rights may limit our shareholders' ability to influence corporate matters, including any matters to be determined by our board of directors. The interests of the Pinduoduo Partnership may not coincide with the interests of our shareholders,  including certain managerial decisions such as partner compensation. To the extent that the interests of the Pinduoduo Partnership differ from the interests of our shareholders on certain matters, our shareholders may be disadvantaged. For more details, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure—The Pinduoduo Partnership and its related arrangements may impact your ability to appoint Executive Directors and nominate the chief executive officer of the company, and the interests of the Pinduoduo Partnership may conflict with your interests."  Corporate Information           Our principal executive offices are located at 28/F, No. 533 Loushanguan Road, Changning District, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
Our telephone number at this address is +86 21-52661300. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Vistra (Cayman) Limited, P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion, Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, KY1-1205, Cayman Islands.
Investors should submit any inquiries to the address and telephone number of our principal executive offices. Our main website is  www.pinduoduo.com. The information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus. Our agent for service of process in the United States is Puglisi & Associates, located at 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware 19711.
Our reporting currency is the Renminbi because our business is mainly conducted in China and all of our revenues are denominated in Renminbi. This prospectus contains translations of Renminbi amounts into U.S. dollars at specific rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to Renminbi in this prospectus were made at a rate of RMB6.8680 to US$1.00, the exchange rate on September 28, 2018 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. We make no representation that any Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.
Unless the context indicates otherwise, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares.
The following summary consolidated statements of comprehensive loss data for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, summary consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016 and 2017 and summary consolidated statements of cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The following summary consolidated statement of comprehensive loss data for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2018, the summary consolidated balance sheet data as of September 30, 2018 and the summary consolidated cash flow data for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2018 are derived from our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of results expected for future periods. You should read this Summary Consolidated Financial Data and Operating Data section together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes as well as unaudited  interim consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Note: (1)Share-based compensation expenses were allocated as follows:  Note: (1)Restricted cash represents cash received from buyers and reserved in a bank supervised account for payments to merchants.
The following table sets forth certain of our operating data for the periods presented:    Non-GAAP Financial Measures           In evaluating the business, we consider and use adjusted operating income/(loss) and adjusted net income/(loss), each a non-GAAP financial measure, in reviewing and assessing our operating performance. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We present these non-GAAP financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate operating performance and formulate business plans. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures help identify underlying trends in our business, provide further information about our results of operations, and enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects.
The non-GAAP financial measures are not defined under U.S. GAAP and are not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools. Our non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect all items of income and expense that affect our operations and do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. Further, these non-GAAP measures may differ from the non-GAAP information used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore their comparability may be limited. We compensate for these limitations by reconciling the non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP performance measure, all of which should be considered when evaluating performance. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.
We define non-GAAP operating loss as operating loss excluding share-based compensation expenses and impairment of long-term investment, and non-GAAP net loss as net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders excluding share-based compensation expenses and impairment of long-term  investment.
The table below sets forth a reconciliation of our operating loss to non-GAAP operating loss, and our net loss to non-GAAP net loss.
