Federal health officials on Friday approved a coronavirus test that can provide results in less than 15 minutes, using the same technology that powers some rapid flu tests. Teased by Vice President Mike Pence in a Thursday press briefing, the new diagnostic test could accelerate testing in the United States, allowing for rapid results in doctors' offices. But shortages of critical equipment used to collect patient specimens, like masks and swabs, could blunt its impact. The US Food and Drug Administration authorized the test for emergency use, signaling that federal regulators were satisfied with the test's validation data and believe its benefits outweigh any risks, such as false positives or negatives. The test's maker, Abbott Laboratories, said it expects to deliver 50,000 tests per day beginning next week. The technology behind the test looks for genes that are present in the virus, similar to PCR (polymerase chain reaction) tests already on the market. The platform used to run the test weighs less than 7 pounds, according to Abbott, and could be deployed "where testing is needed most." Last week, the FDA authorized another rapid test from molecular diagnostics company Cepheid, which provides results in about 45 minutes. Most laboratory tests for the coronavirus take anywhere from a few hours to days to receive results. All FDA-authorized tests, however, require samples from patients and health care facilities say they're facing shortages of critical supplies needed to collect specimens. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Tuesday issued guidance allowing some patients to collect their own nasal swabs in health care facilities, which could reduce the amount of protective equipment needed for health care workers. But in some places, like New York City, health officials have said that patients with a coronavirus-like illness should stay home, saying that is "safer for the patients and health care workers" and doesn't change the treatment patients receive.
Richard Frieson's sister, Patricia, was the first person in Illinois to die from the coronavirus outbreak. Before the family found out she had the infection, Frieson's family didn't think much of it when she reported having breathing problems, he told CNN Friday. "On the same day we learned of her death, though, my other sister was checking herself into the ER for a cough that she had," Frieson said of the second sister, Wanda. "That one took us by surprise." The two sisters ultimately died from the same disease. What hits the family the most is that they didn't get the chance to give their sisters a final goodbye, Frieson said. "The toughest part about my sisters' death is that they had to die alone in the hospital," Frieson said. "It's just devastating to us that we couldn't go to see them in their last moments." Patricia Frieson, 61, died on March 16 and her 63-year-old sister lost her life Wednesday, CNN affiliate WLS reported. Illinois Gov. J.B. Pritzker issued a stay-at-home order for the entire state, which went into effect on March 21 and lasts through April 7. Illinois has more than 3,000 coronavirus cases, including more than 30 deaths. In the US, more than 1,500 people have died from coronavirus. Frieson's family is planning a memorial service for Patricia and Wanda when they're able to get back together, he said. "That will bring some closure, but now all we can do is FaceTime each other," Frieson said. For now, Frieson says he's just happy his last words to both his sisters were: "I love you".
Miley Cyrus and Selena Gomez are the latest celebrities to foster animals during the coronavirus pandemic. The stars took separately to their social media channels to introduce fans to their new additions. They're the latest celebs to post about adopting or fostering at a time when many shelters are closing to the public because of Covid-19. Gomez posted a video to her Instagram story of Daisy, her new puppy.Cyrus is known for her love of animals, so it comes as no surprise that she has adopted a dog.Cyrus made introductions during her daily Instagram Live show, telling fans she'd chosen the name "Bow," short for "rainbow".
Bank of America slashed its price targets for the full range of US airline stocks Monday, as it said the hit to revenue from the coronavirus will be about twice as bad as experienced after 9/11 or during the Great Recession.Overall, Bank of America said that full-year revenue at US airlines is expected to fall 36%, compared to a 19% drop following the 2001 terrorist attack and a 17% decline during the financial crisis.Bank of America said its previous cut of price targets in the sector on March 10 is already out of date due to continue drop in demand for tickets.The bank now has only a $5 price target for American Airlines, less than half of its current price and well off the previous $18 target. It cut its price target for Spirit Airlines to $8 from $30, which also put it below the current price. It also reduced price targets for all the other airlines, but in each of those cases, it gave a 12-month price target that is above current market price.
Along with toilet paper, hand sanitizer and groceries, shoppers are stockpiling food and toys for their pets during the coronavirus crisis. Dog food sales spiked 54% and cat food sales increased 52% for the week ending last Saturday compared with the same period last year, according to Nielsen's most recent data. Sales of pet supplies rose 24% during that stretch. Cheerios-maker General Mills (GIS), which also owns the Blue Buffalo pet food brand, noted last week that sales have spiked. "People love their pets and they want to make sure they take care of their pets," General Mills CEO Jeff Harmening told analysts. Pets are not eating more than they used to, analysts say. But their owners are panic buying for the long haul at big retailers like Walmart (WMT) and Costco (COST), as well as at pet stores such Petco that remain open. Petco said its sales have increased as shoppers stock up on essentials. A spokesperson for Petco defended the company's decision to stay open during the crisis, even as many other retailers close, noting that specialty retailers like Petco accounts for nearly a third of all dog and cat food sales in the United States and roughly half of fish and companion animal foods. "Mass retailers and grocery stores simply can't feed all our pets," the spokesperson said.