  This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. You should read the following summary together with the more detailed information appearing in this prospectus, including “Selected Consolidated Financial Data,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Risk Factors,” “Business” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes before deciding whether to purchase shares of our capital stock. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Tesla Motors,” “Tesla,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” in this prospectus refer to Tesla Motors, Inc., and its subsidiaries, and the term “Tesla store” means Tesla retail locations as well as Tesla galleries where we show potential customers our vehicles but do not consummate sales.  Overview  We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles and advanced electric vehicle powertrain components. We own our sales and service network and have operationally structured our business in a manner that we believe will enable us to rapidly develop and launch advanced electric vehicles and technologies. We believe our vehicles, electric vehicle engineering expertise, and operational structure differentiates us from incumbent automobile manufacturers.  We are the first company to commercially produce a federally-compliant electric vehicle, the Tesla Roadster, which achieves a market-leading range on a single charge combined with attractive design, driving performance and zero tailpipe emissions. Our Tesla Roadster offers impressive acceleration and performance without producing any tailpipe emissions. The Tesla Roadster’s proprietary electric vehicle powertrain system is the foundation of our business and, with design enhancements, will also form the basis for our Model S sedan, our Model X crossover and other future vehicles. The Model S, which is currently scheduled to begin customer deliveries in mid-2012, is in development with several drivable prototypes already complete. We expect the Model S will be manufactured with an adaptable platform architecture upon which other future vehicles, including our Model X crossover, will be based. We currently plan to reveal a prototype of the Model X crossover by the end of 2011 followed by the anticipated commercial introduction of this vehicle in the fourth quarter of 2013. We are designing the Model X to incorporate the functionality of a minivan with the consumer appeal of a sports utility vehicle.
In addition to developing our own vehicles, we provide services for the development of electric powertrain components and sell electric powertrain components to other automotive manufacturers. We have provided development services to Daimler AG (Daimler) and are currently selling battery packs and chargers to Daimler for its Smart fortwo and A-Class electric vehicles. We also have a development services agreement to produce a validated electric powertrain system for Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota) for use in its RAV4 EV. Toyota anticipates bringing the RAV4 EV to market in the United States in 2012, and we are negotiating with Toyota to finalize a separate agreement to supply production parts for that project; however, no agreement has yet been executed and there are no assurances that we will be able to enter into any such agreement.
The commercial production of a highway capable, fully electric vehicle that meets consumers’ range and performance expectations required substantial design, engineering, and integration work on almost every system of our Tesla Roadster. Our roots in Silicon Valley have enabled us to recruit engineers with strong skills in electrical engineering, power electronics and software engineering. We have complemented this talent base with automotive engineers with substantial expertise in vehicle engineering and manufacturing. Our ability to combine expertise in electric powertrain and vehicle engineering provides a broad capability in electric vehicle design and systems integration. We believe these capabilities, coupled with our focus solely on electric vehicle technology as well as our strong inhouse engineering and manufacturing capacity, will enable us to sustain the electric vehicle industry leadership we created through the production of the Tesla Roadster.
We sell and service our Tesla Roadster though our company-owned sales and service network and have opened 18 Tesla stores in the United States, Europe and Japan. Our intent is to offer a compelling customer experience while achieving operating efficiencies, better control costs of inventory, manage warranty service and pricing, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand, and obtain rapid customer feedback. Our Tesla stores do not carry large vehicle inventories and, as a result, do not require corresponding large floor spaces. We believe the benefits we receive from distribution ownership, combined with our product design based on modularity and common platforms, will enable us to improve the speed of product development and improve the capital efficiency of our business. We believe that this approach provides us with a competitive advantage as compared to incumbent automobile manufacturers.  Our first vehicle, the Tesla Roadster, can accelerate from zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.9 seconds and has a maximum speed of approximately 120 miles per hour. The Roadster Sport version can accelerate from zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.7 seconds. The Tesla Roadster has a range of 245 miles on a single charge, as determined using the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s), combined two-cycle city/highway test. Recently, the EPA announced its intention to develop and establish new energy efficiency testing methodologies for electric vehicles, which we believe could result in a significant decrease to the advertised ranges of all electric vehicles, including ours. The Tesla Roadster has a range that is almost double that of any other commercially released electric vehicle and reportedly set a new world distance record of 313 miles on a single charge for a production electric car in a rally across Australia as part of the 2009 Global Green Challenge. The current effective price of the base configuration of the Tesla Roadster is $101,500 in the United States, assuming and after giving effect to the continuation of a currently available United States federal tax credit of $7,500 for the purchase of alternative fuel vehicles.
The Tesla Roadster is currently in production, and as of March 31, 2011, we had delivered approximately 1,650 Tesla Roadsters to customers in over 31 countries, almost all of which were sold in North America and Europe. We currently intend to end the production run of the Tesla Roadster in December 2011, but we will continue to sell the remaining inventory of Tesla Roadsters in the first half of 2012. To date, our customers have driven the Tesla Roadster for an estimated aggregate of over 11.0 million miles. We have developed extensive software systems to manage the overall efficiency, safety and controls within our vehicles. Additionally, we have met battery shipping and testing protocols of the United Nations, United States Department of Transportation and other government agencies, allowing us to ship the Tesla Roadster to a number of countries throughout the world.  We announced our second electric vehicle, the Model S, with the public exhibition of a drivable early prototype in March 2009. We have completed the construction of several drivable Model S alpha prototypes, which are currently undergoing detailed testing. We currently plan to begin customer deliveries of the Model S in mid-2012. We are designing the Model S to be a four door, five-passenger premium sedan that offers exceptional performance, functionality and attractive styling. As a fully electric vehicle, the Model S will produce zero tailpipe emissions while accelerating from zero to 60 miles per hour in a targeted time of approximately 6 seconds. We currently anticipate that the base Model S will have an effective price of $49,900 in the United States with the standard 160 mile battery pack, assuming and after giving effect to the continuation of a United States federal tax credit of $7,500 for the purchase of alternative fuel vehicles. Even without the tax credit, we believe the base list price will be competitive from a pricing perspective with other premium vehicles. We are designing the Model S to offer a variety of range options from 160 miles to 300 miles on a single charge, as projected using the EPA’s combined two-cycle city/highway test. The EPA has announced its intention to develop and establish new energy efficiency testing methodologies for electric vehicles, which we believe could result in a significant decrease to the advertised ranges of all electric vehicles, including ours.  We anticipate that the initial units of the Model S will be introduced with a Signature Series which will have range capability of 300 miles and include certain colors and options, some of which may not be available in the general production of the Model S. We also plan to offer the capability to fast charge in as little as 45 minutes and the ability to rapidly swap out its battery pack at commercial charging stations and/or specialized commercial     battery exchange facilities, which capabilities we expect may be widely available in the future. We believe that the Model S will demonstrate our ability to produce increasingly affordable electric vehicles that offer long-range capabilities and uncompromised performance, energy efficiency, convenience and design.
We are designing the Model S for a significantly broader customer base than the Tesla Roadster. Accordingly, we currently intend to target an annual production rate of approximately 20,000 cars per year from our planned manufacturing facility in Fremont, California. The drivable early prototype of the Model S was exhibited to the public in March 2009. As of April 30, 2011, we had received approximately 4,600 customer reservations with a minimum refundable payment of $5,000.  We intend to develop a substantially integrated electric vehicle manufacturing facility in Fremont, California for the manufacture of the Model S and its components. In October 2010, we completed the purchase of this facility from New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI). We intend to use the facility for the production of our Model S vehicle and to build our future electric vehicles. We have entered into a loan agreement with the United States Federal Financing Bank and United States Department of Energy (DOE Loan Facility), to arrange loans for up to $465.0 million, $363.9 million of which is intended for the continued development of the Model S and the build out of our Fremont facility.
We also plan to manufacture our Model X crossover in our Fremont, California facility. We anticipate that we will make the Model X available with three range variants, with pricing of each variant similar to those of the Model S. We currently intend to target an annual production rate of approximately 10,000 -15,000 cars per year.
The electric powertrain we developed for the Tesla Roadster has provided the foundational technology for our Model S, our future vehicles including the Model X crossover, and for electric powertrain components that we have begun selling to Daimler and its affiliates and that we intend to sell to Toyota. Our electric powertrain consists of the following: battery pack, power electronics, motor, gearbox and the control software which enables the components to operate as a system. This design contains far fewer moving parts than a gasoline powertrain. These features enable us to adapt it for a variety of vehicle applications. For example, using the existing Tesla Roadster battery pack, we have worked with Daimler since June 2008 to develop a battery pack and charger for an initial trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive vehicle pilot program. We have expanded this business by developing and selling additional powertrain components to Daimler and Toyota, and have secured $101.2 million of an aggregate $465.0 million from our DOE Loan Facility to fund the infrastructure for these powertrain activities. We believe that our efforts in our powertrain development will enable us to advance our technology and rapidly and cost effectively develop vehicles.  Our battery pack and electric powertrain system has enabled us to deliver market-leading range capability on the Tesla Roadster at what we believe is a compelling battery cost per kilowatt-hour. The battery pack of the Tesla Roadster uses commercially available lithium-ion battery cells and contains 53 kilowatt-hours of usable energy, almost double the energy of any other commercially available electric vehicle battery pack, thereby significantly increasing its range capability. Designing an electric powertrain and a vehicle to exploit its energy efficiency has required extensive safety testing and innovation in battery packs, motors, powertrain systems and vehicle engineering.
Our proprietary technology includes cooling systems, safety systems, charge balancing systems, battery engineering for vibration and environmental durability, customized motor design and the software and electronics management systems necessary to manage battery and vehicle performance under demanding real-life driving conditions. These technology innovations have resulted in an extensive intellectual property portfolio—as of March 31, 2011, we had 35 issued patents and approximately 207 pending patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and internationally in a broad range of areas.  We are designing our vehicles to enable the cost effective development of our future vehicles. First, our battery pack is based on commodity battery cells placed in modules that we believe will form the basis of later      generations of our battery packs, such as those we are developing for the Model S. Second, we use upgradeable software extensively for managing vehicle performance and the driver experience.
Finally, we are designing a common platform architecture for the Model S, which compactly positions the battery pack, motor and other elements of our powertrain within the frame of the vehicle. We believe this architecture will form the basis of several future vehicles, including our planned Model X crossover vehicle, and enable us to efficiently and cost effectively launch these new vehicle models in the future.  Our design and vehicle engineering capabilities, combined with the technical advancements of our powertrain system, have enabled us to design and develop zero tailpipe emission vehicles that we believe overcome the design, styling, and performance issues that we believe have historically limited broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles. As a result, we believe our Tesla Roadster customers enjoy, and Model S customers will enjoy, several benefits, including:      •    Long Range and Recharging Flexibility. The range of the Tesla Roadster is almost double the range of any other commercially available electric vehicle. We are designing the Model S to offer an even greater range option. In addition, the Tesla Roadster incorporates our proprietary on-board charging system, permitting recharging from almost any available electrical outlet, and we are designing the Model S to offer fast charging capability from higher power electrical outlets. We believe the long-range and charging flexibility of our vehicles will help reduce consumer anxiety over range, alleviate the need for expensive, large-scale charging infrastructure, and differentiate our vehicles as compared to our competitors’ currently announced electric vehicle product offerings.
•    Energy Efficiency and Cost of Ownership. We believe our Tesla Roadster offers and our Model S will offer consumers an attractive cost of ownership when compared to similar internal combustion engine or hybrid electric vehicles. Using only a single electric powertrain enables us to create a lighter, more energy efficient vehicle that is mechanically simpler than currently available hybrid or internal combustion engine vehicles. For example, assuming a 245 mile range of the Tesla Roadster, an average electricity cost of 11.2 cents per kilowatt-hour and an average gasoline price of $3.21 per gallon, which were the average residential electricity cost and the gasoline price in the United States for February 2011 as reported by the U.S. Energy Information Administration of the U.S. Department of Energy, the cost per mile to fuel the Tesla Roadster is approximately 75% less than the cost to fuel the 2009 Porsche 911 Carrera, which has an EPA mileage rating of 18 miles per gallon city and 25 miles per gallon highway. Furthermore, we expect our electric vehicles will have lower relative maintenance costs than hybrid, plug-in hybrid, or internal combustion engine vehicles due to fewer moving parts and the absence of certain components, including oil, oil filters, spark plugs and engine valves. Additionally, government incentives that are currently available can reduce the cost of ownership even further.      •    High-Performance Without Compromised Design or Functionality. We believe we have been able to successfully overcome the design and performance tradeoff issues that encumbered most early electric vehicle designs. We believe the Tesla Roadster delivers an unparalleled driving experience with instantaneous and sustained acceleration through an extended range of speed. In addition, our Model S is being designed to seat five adults, provide best in class storage in the trunk and hood while offering design and performance comparable to, or better than, other premium sedans.
We were incorporated in 2003 and began selling the Tesla Roadster in 2008. As of March 31, 2011, we had 1,010 employees worldwide.
 Since inception through March 31, 2011, we had generated $292.5 million in revenue. As of March 31, 2011, we had an accumulated deficit of $463.9 million and had experienced net losses of $82.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2008, $55.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, $154.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2010, and $48.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2011.
Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that you should understand before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the section entitled “Risk Factors” following this prospectus summary. These include:      •    our limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult, and may increase the risk of your investment;      •    we anticipate that we will experience an increase in losses and will experience a decrease in automotive sales revenues prior to the launch of the Model S;      •    our relationship with Toyota is subject to various risks which adversely affect our business and future prospects;      •    our production model for the non-powertrain portion of the Model S is unproven, still evolving and is very different from the non-powertrain portion of the production model for the Tesla Roadster;      •    we may experience significant delays in the design, manufacture, launch and financing of the Model S, including in the build out of our Model S manufacturing facility;      •    we have a history of losses and we expect significant increases in our costs and expenses to result in continuing losses for at least the foreseeable future;      •    our future growth is dependent upon consumers’ willingness to adopt electric vehicles;      •    we are dependent upon our ability to fully draw down on our loan facility from the United States Department of Energy, which may restrict our ability to conduct our business;      •    our distribution model is different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers, which makes evaluating our business, operating results and future prospects difficult; and      •    we are significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of our electric vehicles, specifically the Tesla Roadster, in the near term, and our future success will be dependent upon our ability to design and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, and, in particular, the Model S.  Corporate Information  We are headquartered in Palo Alto, California. Our principal executive offices are located at 3500 Deer Creek Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number at this location is (650) 681-5000. Our website address is www.teslamotors.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this prospectus.  The “Tesla Motors” design logo, “Tesla Motors,” “Tesla Roadster,” “Model S” and other trademarks or service marks of Tesla Motors appearing in this prospectus are the property of Tesla Motors. When used herein, the term “Tesla store” means Tesla retail locations as well as Tesla galleries where we show potential customers our vehicles but do not consummate sales. This prospectus contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ tradenames, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies.
5,300,000 shares     Common stock sold by us in the concurrent private placement  Subsequent to the closing of this offering, Elon Musk will purchase directly from us in a private placement, 1,416,000 shares of our common stock, at the per share public offering price, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $40.7 million. In addition, Blackstar Investco LLC, an affiliate of Daimler AG, will purchase directly from us in a private placement 570,000 shares of our common stock at the per share public offering price, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $16.4 million (and up to an additional 67,475 shares if the underwriter exercises in full its option to purchase additional shares). We will receive the full proceeds and will not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares that are sold in the private placement. The sales of these shares to Elon Musk and Blackstar are not registered in this offering and the shares purchased by them, in addition to all other shares owned by them, will be subject to a lock-up of 90 days. We refer to the private placement of these shares of common stock as the concurrent private placement.
The following summary consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009 and 2010 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary unaudited consolidated financial data for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011 and as of March 31, 2011 are derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements for such periods and dates, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. The unaudited consolidated financial statements were prepared on a basis consistent with our audited consolidated financial statements and include, in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the financial information contained in those statements. The historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods.  In June 2010, we identified an error related to the understatement in stock-based compensation expense subsequent to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2009. This error had the effect of understating selling, general and administrative expenses and net loss for the year ended December 31, 2009 by $2.7 million. The error did not have an effect on the valuation of the stock options. As stock-based compensation expense is a non-cash item, there was no impact on net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2009. We determined that the impact of this error was not material and corrected the error by recording additional stock-based compensation expense of $2.4 million during the three months ended June 30, 2010. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.  Prospective investors should read these summary consolidated financial data together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.        (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:       (2) In January 2010, we issued a warrant to the DOE in connection with the closing of the DOE Loan Facility to purchase shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock. This convertible preferred stock warrant became a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock upon the closing of our initial public offering (IPO). Beginning on December 15, 2018 and until December 14, 2022, the shares subject to purchase under the warrant will become exercisable in quarterly amounts depending on the average outstanding balance of the DOE Loan Facility during the prior quarter. Since the number of shares of common stock ultimately issuable under the warrant will vary, this warrant will be carried at its estimated fair value with changes in the fair value of this common stock warrant liability reflected in other income (expense), net, until its expiration or vesting. Potential shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the DOE warrant will be excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of common stock until at least such time as we generate a net profit in a given period.
(3) Our basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
The diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, excluding common stock subject to repurchase, and, if dilutive, potential shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Potential shares of common stock consist of stock options to purchase shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares of our convertible preferred stock (using the treasury stock method) and the conversion of our convertible preferred stock and convertible notes payable (using the if-converted method). For purposes of all these calculations, potential shares of common stock have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of common stock as their effect is antidilutive since we generated a net loss in each period.  Our consolidated balance sheet data as of March 31, 2011 is presented:      •    on an actual basis; and      •    on an as adjusted basis to give effect to (i) the sale of 5,300,000 shares of common stock by us in this offering at the public offering price of $28.76 per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us; and (ii) the sale of 1,986,000 shares of common stock to be purchased directly by Mr. Elon Musk and Blackstar at such price in the concurrent private placement.       (1) Our as adjusted amounts exclude $22.4 million in additional funds borrowed under our DOE Loan Facility in April and May 2011.
(2) The restricted cash represents primarily the portion of the proceeds from our IPO that we are required to hold in a separate dedicated account pursuant to our DOE Loan Facility to fund certain costs of our powertrain and Model S manufacturing facility projects. Restricted cash also includes security deposits related to lease agreements, equipment financing, as well as security held by a vendor as part of the vendor’s standard credit policies.
(3) On January 20, 2010, we entered into a loan agreement with the United States Federal Financing Bank, or the FFB, and the DOE, pursuant to the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Incentive Program, or the ATVM Program. Under such facility, the FFB has made available to us two multi-draw term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to $465.0 million. Up to an aggregate principal amount of $101.2 million will be made available under the first term loan facility to finance up to 80% of the costs eligible for funding under the ATVM Program for the build out of a facility to design and manufacture lithium-ion battery packs, electric motors and electric components. Up to an aggregate principal amount of $363.9 million will be made available under the second term loan facility to finance up to 80% of the costs eligible for funding under the ATVM Program for the development of, and to build out the manufacturing facility for the Model S sedan. See the section titled “Business—Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations—United States Department of Energy Loans” below for additional information.
