  In addition, our revenues to date have included amounts we receive from selling zero emission vehicle (ZEV) credits to other automobile manufacturers, pursuant to certain state regulations. We have entered into two contracts for the sale of ZEV credits with two separate automotive manufacturers. For the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, we earned revenue from the sale of ZEV credits of $0.5 million and $0.6 million, respectively. Our current agreement with American Honda Co., Inc. (Honda) provides for the sale of ZEV credits that we earn from the sale of vehicles that we manufacture through December 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2011, we had sold credits for 521 vehicles under this agreement and Honda has an obligation to purchase credits for up to 135 additional vehicles that Tesla manufactures prior to the expiration of the agreement. We may not be able to enter into new agreements to sell any additional credits we may earn in excess of the current contractual amounts on equivalent terms and if this occurs, our financial results will be harmed.  We are significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of our electric vehicles, specifically the Tesla Roadster, in the near term, and our future success will be dependent upon our ability to design and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, and specifically the Model S.
We currently generate a significant percentage of our revenue from the sale of our Tesla Roadsters. We began production of our Tesla Roadster in 2008 and will end the production run of the Tesla Roadster in December 2011. Beyond 2011, our sales of new Tesla Roadsters will be limited to any vehicles available from our 2011 production.
Our second planned vehicle, our Model S, is not expected to be in production until mid-2012, requires significant investment prior to commercial introduction, and may never be successfully developed or commercially successful. There can be no assurance that we will be able to design future models of performance electric vehicles that will meet the expectations of our customers or that our future models, including the Model S, will become commercially viable. In particular, it is common in the automotive industry for the production vehicle to have a styling and design different from that of the concept vehicle, which may happen with the Model S. We believe the design of the early prototype Model S is one of the key reasons why we have received approximately 4,600 reservations for the vehicle as of April 30, 2011. To the extent that we are not able to build the production Model S to the expectations created by the early prototype and our anticipated specifications, customers may cancel their reservations and our future sales could be harmed. Additionally, historically, automobile customers have come to expect new and improved vehicle models to be introduced frequently. In order to meet these expectations, we may in the future be required to introduce on a regular basis new vehicle models as well as enhanced versions of existing vehicle models. As technologies change in the future for automobiles in general and performance electric vehicles specifically, we will be expected to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology. To date, we have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing and selling our electric vehicles.  We anticipate that we will experience an increase in losses and will experience a decrease in automotive sales revenues prior to the launch of the Model S.
Prior to the launch of our Model S, we anticipate our automotive sales may decline, potentially significantly. We currently produce the Tesla Roadster gliders, which are partially assembled vehicles that do not contain our electric powertrain, with Lotus Cars Limited (Lotus) in Hethel, England. We currently intend to manufacture gliders with Lotus for our current generation Tesla Roadster until December 2011. We intend to use these gliders in the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster to both fulfill orders placed in 2011 as well as new orders placed in 2012 until our supply of gliders is exhausted. Through March 31, 2011, we have delivered approximately 1,650 vehicles, leaving approximately 750 vehicles left to sell. As a result, we anticipate that we will generate limited revenue from selling electric vehicles in 2012 until the launch of our Model S. The launch of our Model S could be delayed for a number of reasons and any such delays may be significant and would extend the period in which we would generate limited revenues from sales of our electric vehicles. The potential decrease in automotive    sales revenue for the periods prior to the launch of the Model S may be significant and could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition and our ability to fund operating losses could seriously constrain our growth.  Furthermore, except for our arrangements with Daimler and its affiliates, we do not currently have any arrangements in place with third parties for the purchase of powertrain components. There are no assurances that we will be able to secure future business with Daimler or its affiliates as Daimler has indicated its intent to produce all of its lithium-ion batteries by 2012 through Deutsche Accumotive GmbH & Co. KG, an entity affiliated with Daimler, and has announced it has entered into a joint venture with BYD Auto to collaborate on the development of an electric car under a jointly owned new brand for the Chinese market. We do not have any signed agreements for powertrain component sales after 2011.
Our relationship with Toyota is subject to various risks which could adversely affect our business and future prospects.
If one or more of the foregoing assumptions turns out to be incorrect, our ability to successfully launch the Model S on time and on budget if at all, and our business prospects, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted.  We have no experience to date in high volume manufacturing of our electric vehicles. We do not know whether we will be able to develop efficient, automated, low-cost manufacturing capability and processes, and reliable sources of component supply that will enable us to meet the quality, price, engineering, design and production standards, as well as the production volumes required to successfully mass market the Model S. Even if we are successful in developing our high volume manufacturing capability and processes and reliable sources of component supply, we do not know whether we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant delays and cost overruns, including as a result of factors beyond our control such as problems with suppliers and vendors, or in time to meet our vehicle commercialization schedules or to satisfy the requirements of customers. To date, we have experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines. Any failure to develop such manufacturing processes and capabilities within our projected costs and timelines could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.  We may experience significant delays in the design, manufacture, launch and financing of the Model S, including in the build out of our Model S manufacturing facility, which could harm our business and prospects.  Any delay in the financing, design, manufacture and launch of the Model S, including in the build out of our Model S manufacturing facility in Fremont, California, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Automobile manufacturers often experience delays in the design, manufacture and commercial release of new vehicle models. We experienced significant delays in launching the Tesla Roadster. We initially announced that we would begin delivering the Tesla Roadster in June 2007, but due to various design and production delays, we did not physically deliver our first Tesla Roadster until February 2008, and we only achieved higher production of this vehicle in the fourth quarter of 2008. These delays resulted in additional costs and adverse publicity for our business. We may experience similar delays in launching the Model S, and any such delays could be significant.
 In addition, final designs for the Model S and plans for the build out of the manufacturing facility are still in process, and various aspects of the Model S component procurement and manufacturing plans have not yet been determined. We are currently evaluating, qualifying and selecting certain remaining suppliers for the planned   production of the Model S. However, we may not be able to engage suppliers for the remaining components in a timely manner, at an acceptable price or in the necessary quantities. In addition, we will also need to do extensive testing to ensure that the Model S is in compliance with applicable National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) safety regulations and United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California Air Resources Board (CARB) emission regulations prior to beginning mass production and delivery of the vehicles. Our plan to begin production of the Model S in mid-2012 is dependent upon the timely availability of funds, upon our finalizing the related design, engineering, component procurement, testing, build out and manufacturing plans in a timely manner and upon our ability to execute these plans within the current timeline.
Even if we are able to successfully develop the Model S, there can be no assurance that it will be commercially successful. If we are to ever achieve profitability it will be dependent upon the successful development and successful commercial introduction and acceptance of automobiles such as the Model S, which may not occur.  We expect the rate at which we will incur losses to increase significantly in future periods from current levels as we:      •    design, develop and manufacture our Model S and our planned Model X crossover;      •    design, develop and manufacture components of our electric powertrain;      •    develop and equip our manufacturing facility to produce our Model S in Fremont, California;      •    build up inventories of parts and components for our Model S;      •    develop and equip manufacturing facilities to produce our electric powertrain components;      •    open new Tesla stores;      •    expand our design, development, maintenance and repair capabilities;      •    increase our sales and marketing activities; and      •    increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations.
Because we will incur the costs and expenses from these efforts before we receive any incremental revenues with respect thereto, our losses in future periods will be significantly greater than the losses we would incur if we developed our business more slowly. In addition, we may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may not result in increases in our revenues, which would further increase our losses.  In addition, as of March 31, 2011, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our United States net deferred tax assets as at this point we believe it is more likely than not that we will not achieve profitability and accordingly be able to use our deferred tax assets in the foreseeable future. Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards in the event of an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Although we do not believe that our IPO constituted, or this offering will constitute, an ownership change resulting in limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards, we have not yet performed a study to determine whether such limitations exist. If an ownership change is deemed to have occurred as a result of our IPO or this offering, utilization of these assets could be significantly reduced.
While we believe that we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our single source components, we may be unable to do so in the short term or at all at prices or costs that are favorable to us. In particular, while we believe that we will be able to secure alternate sources of supply for almost all of our single sourced components on a relatively short time frame, qualifying alternate suppliers or developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of the Tesla Roadster, such as the carbon fiber body panels, which are supplied to us by Sotira 35, a unit of Sora Composites Group, may be time consuming and costly.  In addition, Lotus is the only manufacturer for certain components, such as the chassis of our Tesla Roadster. We therefore refer to it as a sole source supplier. Replacing the components from Lotus that are sole sourced may require us to reengineer our vehicles, which would be time consuming and costly. We do not currently utilize any sole source suppliers other than Lotus.
  This supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for the Tesla Roadster, our powertrain component sales activities and the Model S. For example, earthquakes similar to the one that occurred in Japan in March 2011 could negatively impact our supply chain. We are currently evaluating, qualifying and selecting our suppliers for the planned production of the Model S and we intend to establish dual suppliers for several key components of the Model S, although we expect that a number of components for the Model S will be single sourced. We have in the past experienced source disruptions in our supply chains, which have caused delays in our production process and we may experience additional delays in the future with respect to the Tesla Roadster, the Model S and any other future vehicle we may produce.  Changes in business conditions, wars, governmental changes and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. Furthermore, if we experience significant increased demand, or need to replace our existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of component parts will be available when required on terms that are favorable to us, at all, or that any supplier would allocate sufficient supplies to us in order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. In the past, we have replaced certain suppliers because of their failure to provide components that met our quality control standards. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays in vehicle deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and also materially adversely affect our business, prospects and operating results.
Changes in our supply chain have resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost and delay. For example, a change in our supplier for our carbon fiber body panels contributed to the delay in our ability to ramp our production of the Tesla Roadster. A failure by our suppliers to provide the components necessary to manufacture our performance electric vehicles could prevent us from fulfilling customer orders in a timely fashion which could result in negative publicity, damage our brand and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition, since we have no fixed pricing arrangements with any of our component suppliers other than Lotus, our component suppliers could increase their prices with little or no notice to us, which could harm our financial condition and operating results if we are unable to pass such price increases along to our customers.  Increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion cells, could harm our business.  We may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials. Any such an increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We use various raw materials in our business including aluminum, steel, nickel, carbon fiber, non-ferrous metals such as copper, as well as cobalt. The prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. For instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to price fluctuations for lithium-ion cells. These risks include:      •    the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases;      •    disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery cell manufacturers; and      •    an increase in the cost of raw materials, such as cobalt, used in lithium-ion cells.
Our business is dependent on the continued supply of battery cells for our vehicles and for the battery pack we produce for other automobile manufacturers. While we believe several sources of the battery cell we have selected for the Tesla Roadster are available, we have fully qualified only one supplier for the cells used in the Tesla Roadster. The same is also true for the battery cells used for battery packs that we supply to other OEMs. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such vendor could temporarily disrupt production of    the Tesla Roadster and of the battery packs we produce for other automobile manufacturers until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. Moreover, battery cell manufacturers may not supply us at reasonable prices or on reasonable terms or may choose to refuse to supply electric vehicle manufacturers to the extent they determine that the vehicles are not sufficiently safe. Furthermore, current fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by our battery cell manufacturers, would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased electric vehicle prices. There can be no assurance that we will be able to recoup increasing costs of raw materials by increasing vehicle prices. We have also already announced an estimated price for the base model of our Model S but have not announced the final pricing of the other variants of the Model S. Any attempts to increase the announced or expected prices in response to increased raw material costs could be viewed negatively by our customers, result in cancellations of Model S reservations and could materially adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results.  Our future growth is dependent upon consumers’ willingness to adopt electric vehicles.
 Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of, and we are subject to an elevated risk of any reduced demand for, alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. If the market for electric vehicles does not develop as we expect or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors.  Other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically electric vehicles, include:      •    perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion battery packs), design, performance and cost, especially if adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of electric vehicles;      •    perceptions about vehicle safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to the use of advanced technology, including vehicle electronics and regenerative braking systems, such as the possible perception that Toyota’s recent vehicle recalls may be attributable to these systems;      •    the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge;      •    the decline of an electric vehicle’s range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery’s ability to hold a charge;      •    concerns about electric grid capacity and reliability, which could derail our past and present efforts to promote electric vehicles as a practical solution to vehicles which require gasoline;      •    the availability of alternative fuel vehicles, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles;      •    improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine;      •    the availability of service for electric vehicles;      •    consumers’ desire and ability to purchase a luxury automobile or one that is perceived as exclusive;      •    the environmental consciousness of consumers;      •    volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline;      •    consumers’ perceptions of the dependency of the United States on oil from unstable or hostile countries;      •    government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy;    •    access to charging stations, standardization of electric vehicle charging systems and consumers’ perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an electric vehicle;      •    the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate electric vehicles or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles;      •    perceptions about and the actual cost of alternative fuel; and      •    macroeconomic factors.  In addition, recent reports have suggested the potential for extreme temperatures to affect the range or performance of electric vehicles. Based on internal testing, we estimate that our Tesla Roadster would have a 5-10% reduction in range when operated in -20°C temperatures. To the extent customers have concerns about such reductions or third party reports which suggest reductions in range greater than our estimates gain widespread acceptance, our ability to market and sell our vehicles, particularly in colder climates, may be adversely impacted.
Additionally, we will become subject to regulations that require us to alter the design of our vehicles, which could negatively impact consumer interest in our vehicles. For example, our electric vehicles make less noise than internal combustion vehicles. Due to concerns about overly quiet vehicles and vision impaired pedestrians, in January 2011, Congress passed and the President signed the Pedestrian Safety Enhancement Act of 2010. The new law requires NHTSA to establish minimum sounds for electric vehicles and hybrid electric vehicles when travelling at low speeds. New standards must be established by mid-2012 for implementation likely by model year 2013.  The influence of any of the factors described above may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our electric vehicles, which would materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects.  Our success could be harmed by negative publicity regarding our company or products.  From time to time, our vehicles are evaluated by third parties. For example, the show Top Gear which airs on the British Broadcasting Corporation did a review of the Tesla Roadster in 2008. Top Gear is one of the most watched automotive shows in the world with an estimated 350 million viewers worldwide and is broadcast in over 100 countries. Since originally airing in the fall of 2008, the episode about the Tesla Roadster has been rebroadcast repeatedly around the world. The review of the Tesla Roadster included a number of significant falsehoods regarding the car’s performance, range and safety. Such criticisms create a negative public perception about the Tesla Roadster, and to the extent that these comments are believed by the public, may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our electric vehicles, which would materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects.  The range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines over time which may negatively influence potential customers’ decisions whether to purchase our vehicles.  The range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage, time and charging patterns as well as other factors. For example, a customer’s use of their Tesla vehicle as well as the frequency with which they charge the battery of their Tesla vehicle can result in additional deterioration of the battery’s ability to hold a charge. We currently expect that our battery pack for the Tesla Roadster will retain approximately 60-65% of its ability to hold its initial charge after approximately 100,000 miles or seven years, which will result in a decrease to the vehicle’s initial range. Such battery deterioration and the related decrease in range may negatively influence potential customer decisions whether to purchase our vehicles, which may harm our ability to market and sell our vehicles.
  We are dependent upon our ability to fully draw down on our loan facility from the United States Department of Energy, which may restrict our ability to conduct our business.  Our plan for manufacturing the Model S and for developing our electric powertrain facility depends on our ability to fully draw down on our DOE Loan Facility. Our DOE Loan Facility provides for a $465.0 million loan facility under the DOE’s ATVM Program to help finance the continued development of the Model S, including the planned build out and operation of a manufacturing facility, and to finance the build out and operation of our electric powertrain manufacturing facility. We cannot, however, access all of these funds at once, but only through periodic draws through January 2013 as eligible costs are incurred. Through March 31, 2011, we have received loans under our DOE Loan Facility for an aggregate of $102.5 million. Our ability to draw down these funds under the DOE Loan Facility is conditioned upon several draw conditions. For the Model S manufacturing facility project, the draw conditions include our achievement of progress milestones relating to the design and development of the Model S and the Model S manufacturing facility. Additionally, the DOE Loan Facility requires us to comply with certain operating and financial covenants and places additional restrictions on our ability to operate our business. We have limited experience in managing our business with such restrictions and others that are associated with a significant credit agreement. If we are unable to draw down the anticipated funds under the DOE Loan Facility, or our ability to make such draw downs is delayed, we may need to obtain additional or alternative financing to operate our Model S and electric powertrain manufacturing facilities to the extent our cash on hand is insufficient. Any failure to obtain the remaining DOE funds or secure other alternative funding could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. Such additional or alternative financing may not be available on attractive terms, if at all, and could be more costly for us to obtain. As a result, our plans for building our Model S and electric powertrain manufacturing plants could be significantly delayed which would materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
 Our DOE Loan Facility documents contain customary covenants that include, among others, a requirement that the project be conducted in accordance with the business plan for such project, compliance with all requirements of the ATVM Program, and limitations on our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, make investments or loans, enter into mergers or acquisitions, dispose of assets, pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock, prepay indebtedness, pay management, advisory or similar fees to affiliates, enter into certain affiliate transactions, enter into new lines of business and enter into certain restrictive agreements. These restrictions may limit our ability to operate our business and may cause us to take actions or prevent us from taking actions we believe are necessary from a competitive standpoint or that we otherwise believe are necessary to grow our business.  In addition, our DOE Loan Facility requires Mr. Musk and certain of his affiliates, until one year after we complete the project relating to the Model S Facility, to own at least 65% of the Tesla capital stock held by them as of the date of the DOE Loan Facility, and a failure to comply would be an event of default that could result in an acceleration of all obligations under the DOE Loan Facility documents and the exercise of other remedies by the DOE.  The operation of our vehicles is different from internal combustion engine vehicles and our customers may experience difficulty operating them properly, including difficulty transitioning between different methods of braking.  We have designed our vehicles to minimize inconvenience and inadvertent driver damage to the powertrain. In certain instances, these protections may cause the vehicle to behave in ways that are unfamiliar to drivers of internal combustion vehicles. For example, we employ regenerative braking to recharge the battery in most modes of vehicle operation. Our customers may become accustomed to using this regenerative braking instead of the wheel brakes to slow the vehicle. However, when the vehicle is at maximum charge, the regenerative braking is not needed and is not employed.
Accordingly, our customers may have difficulty shifting between different methods of braking. In addition, we use safety mechanisms to limit motor torque when the powertrain system reaches elevated temperatures. In such instances, the vehicle’s acceleration and speed will decrease. Finally, if the driver permits the battery to substantially deplete its charge, the vehicle will progressively limit motor torque    and speed to preserve the charge that remains. The vehicle will lose speed and ultimately coast to a stop. Despite several warnings about an imminent loss of charge, the ultimate loss of speed may be unexpected. There can be no assurance that our customers will operate the vehicles properly, especially in these situations. Any accidents resulting from such failure to operate our vehicles properly could harm our brand and reputation, result in adverse publicity and product liability claims, and have a material adverse affect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition, if consumers dislike these features, they may choose not to buy additional cars from us which could also harm our business and prospects.  Developments in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine may materially adversely affect the demand for our electric vehicles.
Significant developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, fuel cells or compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. For example, fuel which is abundant and relatively inexpensive in North America, such as compressed natural gas, may emerge as consumers’ preferred alternative to petroleum based propulsion. Any failure by us to develop new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay our development and introduction of new and enhanced electric vehicles, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our vehicles, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors.
If we are unable to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position.
 We may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a result, may suffer a decline in our competitive position. Any failure to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology would result in a decline in our competitive position which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in electric vehicle technology. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology, in particular battery cell technology. However, our vehicles may not compete effectively with alternative vehicles if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into our vehicles. For example, we do not manufacture battery cells, which makes us dependent upon other suppliers of battery cell technology for our battery packs.  Our distribution model is different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers, which makes evaluating our business, operating results and future prospects difficult.  Our distribution model is not common in the automobile industry today, particularly in the United States.
  We are also registered as both a motor vehicle manufacturer and dealer in Canada, Australia, and Japan, and have obtained licenses to sell vehicles in other countries such as Hong Kong and Singapore. Furthermore, while we have performed an analysis of the principal laws in the European Union relating to our distribution model and believe we comply with such laws, we have not performed a complete analysis in all foreign jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles. Accordingly, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our vehicle reservation practices or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time.
Regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our electric vehicles.
 Reservations for Model S sedans are fully refundable to customers.
  Any changes to the Federal Trade Commission’s electric vehicle range testing procedure or the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s energy consumption regulations for electric vehicles could result in a reduction to the advertised range of our vehicles which could negatively impact our sales and harm our business.  The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) requires us to calculate and display the range of our electric vehicles on a label we affix to the vehicle’s window. The FTC specifies that we follow testing requirements set forth by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) which further requires that we test using the EPA’s combined city and highway testing cycles. The EPA recently announced that it would develop and establish new energy efficiency testing methodologies for electric vehicles. Based on initial indications from the EPA, we believe it is likely that the EPA will modify its testing cycles in a manner that, when applied to our vehicles, could reduce the advertised range of our vehicles by up to 30% as compared to the combined two-cycle test currently applicable to our vehicles. However, there can be no assurance that the modified EPA testing cycles will not result in a greater reduction. To the extent that the FTC adopts these procedures in place of the current procedures from the SAE, this could impair our ability to advertise the Tesla Roadster as a vehicle that is capable of going in excess of 200 miles. Moreover, such changes could impair our ability to deliver the Model S with the initially advertised range, which could result in the cancellation of a number of the approximately 4,600 reservations that have been placed for the Model S as of April 30, 2011. Any reduction in the advertised range of our vehicles could negatively impact our vehicle sales and harm our business. The EPA’s final rule on fuel economy labeling is scheduled for release in the summer of 2011 with an effective date likely to apply to model year 2013, but potentially as soon as model year 2012.
We have no experience with using common platforms in the design and manufacture of our vehicles.
If we are unable to effectively leverage the benefits of using an adaptable platform architecture, our business prospects, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. We intend to design the Model S with an adaptable platform architecture and common electric powertrain so that we can use the platform of the Model S to create future electric vehicles, including, as examples, a crossover/sport utility vehicle, a van and a cabriolet. In 2011, we publicly announced the Model X crossover as the first vehicle we intend to develop by leveraging the Model S platform. However, we have no experience with using common platforms in the design and manufacture of our vehicles and the design of the Model S is not complete. We may make changes to the design of the Model S that may make it more difficult to use the Model S platform for future electric vehicles. There are no assurances that we will be able to use the Model S platform to bring future vehicle models, including the Model X crossover, to market faster or more inexpensively by leveraging use of this common platform or that there will be sufficient customer demand for the Model X crossover or additional vehicle variants of this platform.  We may experience significant delays in the design, manufacture, launch and financing of the Model X which could harm our business and prospects.
Furthermore, certain large manufacturers offer financing and leasing options on their vehicles and also have the ability to market vehicles at a substantial discount, provided that the vehicles are financed through their affiliated financing company. We only began offering a leasing program in February 2010 which is currently only available to qualified Tesla Roadster customers in the United States. We do not currently offer, or plan to offer, any form of direct financing on our vehicles. We have not in the past, and do not currently, offer customary discounts on our vehicles. The lack of our direct financing options and the absence of customary vehicle discounts could put us at a competitive disadvantage.  We expect competition in our industry to intensify in the future in light of increased demand for alternative fuel vehicles, continuing globalization and consolidation in the worldwide automotive industry. Factors affecting    competition include product quality and features, innovation and development time, pricing, reliability, safety, fuel economy, customer service and financing terms. Increased competition may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in a further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Our ability to successfully compete in our industry will be fundamental to our future success in existing and new markets and our market share. There can be no assurances that we will be able to compete successfully in our markets. If our competitors introduce new cars or services that compete with or surpass the quality, price or performance of our cars or services, we may be unable to satisfy existing customers or attract new customers at the prices and levels that would allow us to generate attractive rates of return on our investment.
Increased competition could result in price reductions and revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Demand in the automobile industry is highly volatile.
Volatility of demand in the automobile industry may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. The markets in which we currently compete and plan to compete in the future have been subject to considerable volatility in demand in recent periods. For example, according to automotive industry sources, sales of passenger vehicles in North America during the fourth quarter of 2008 were over 30% lower than those during the same period in the prior year. Demand for automobile sales depends to a large extent on general, economic, political and social conditions in a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. As a new automobile manufacturer and low volume producer, we have less financial resources than more established automobile manufacturers to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. As our business grows, economic conditions and trends in other countries and regions where we sell our electric vehicles will impact our business, prospects and operating results as well. Demand for our electric vehicles may also be affected by factors directly impacting automobile price or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles such as sales and financing incentives, prices of raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental regulations, including tariffs, import regulation and other taxes. Volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. These effects may have a more pronounced impact on our business given our relatively smaller scale and financial resources as compared to many incumbent automobile manufacturers.
Difficult economic conditions may affect consumer purchases of luxury items, such as our performance electric vehicles.
 Over the last few years, the deterioration in the global financial markets and continued challenging condition of the macroeconomic environment has negatively impacted consumer spending and we believe has adversely affected the sales of our Tesla Roadster. The automobile industry in particular was severely impacted by the poor economic conditions and several vehicle manufacturing companies, including General Motors and Chrysler, were forced to file for bankruptcy. Sales of new automobiles generally have dropped during this recessionary period. Sales of high-end and luxury consumer products, such as our performance electric vehicles, depend in part on discretionary consumer spending and are even more exposed to adverse changes in general economic conditions. Difficult economic conditions could therefore temporarily reduce the market for vehicles in our price range. Discretionary consumer spending also is affected by other factors, including changes in tax rates and tax credits, interest rates and the availability and terms of consumer credit.
If the current difficult economic conditions continue or worsen, we may experience a decline in the demand for our Tesla Roadster or reservations for our Model S, either of which could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Accordingly, any events that have a negative effect on the United States economy or on foreign economies or that negatively affect consumer confidence in the economy, including disruptions in credit and stock markets, and actual or perceived economic slowdowns, may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed. For example, during the economic downturn of 2008, we had difficulty raising the necessary funding for our operations, and, as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2008 we had to lay off approximately 60 employees and curtail our expansion plans. In addition, during this period a number of customers canceled their previously placed reservations. If we are required to take similar actions in the future, such actions may result in negative perceptions regarding our long-term business prospects.
Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers and other parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects. In contrast to some more established auto makers, we believe that, in our case, the task of maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by factors such as the following:      •    our limited operating history;      •    our limited revenues and lack of profitability to date;    •    unfamiliarity with or uncertainty about the Tesla Roadster and the Model S;      •    uncertainty about the long-term marketplace acceptance of alternative fuel vehicles generally, or electric vehicles specifically;      •    the prospect that we will need ongoing infusions of external capital to fund our planned operations;      •    the size of our expansion plans in comparison to our existing capital base and scope and history of operations; and      •    the prospect or actual emergence of direct, sustained competitive pressure from more established auto makers, which may be more likely if our initial efforts are perceived to be commercially successful.  Many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, would likely harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds when needed.
  If our vehicles fail to perform as expected, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed.  Our vehicles may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or that may require repair. For example, our vehicles use a substantial amount of software code to operate. Software products are inherently complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced. While we have performed extensive internal testing, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate the long-term performance of our Tesla Roadster. We have no frame of reference by which to evaluate our Model S upon which our business prospects depend. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the vehicles prior to their sale to consumers. We experienced product recalls in May 2009 and October 2010, both of which were unrelated to our electric powertrain. In May 2009, we initiated a product recall after we determined that a condition caused by insufficient torquing of the rear inner hub flange bolt existed in some of our Tesla Roadsters, as a result of a missed process during the manufacture of the Tesla Roadster glider, which is the partially assembled Tesla Roadster that does not contain our electric powertrain. In October 2010, we initiated a product recall after the 12 volt, low voltage auxiliary cable in a single vehicle chafed against the edge of a carbon fiber panel in the vehicle causing a short, smoke and possible fire behind the right front headlamp of the vehicle. Although the cost of the most recent recall was not material, we may experience additional recalls in the future, which could adversely affect our brand in our target markets and could adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations. Our electric vehicles, including the Tesla Roadster and Model S, may not perform consistent with customers’ expectations or consistent with other vehicles currently available. For example, our electric vehicles may not have the durability or longevity of current vehicles, and may not be as easy to repair as other vehicles currently on the market. Any product defects or any other failure of our performance electric vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
We have very limited experience servicing our vehicles and we are using a different service model from the one typically used in the industry. If we are unable to address the service requirements of our existing and future customers our business will be materially and adversely affected.  If we are unable to successfully address the service requirements of our existing and future customers our business and prospects will be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we anticipate the level and quality of the service we provide our Tesla Roadster customers will have a direct impact on the success of the Model S and our future vehicles. If we are unable to satisfactorily service our Tesla Roadster customers, our ability to generate customer loyalty, grow our business and sell additional Tesla Roadsters as well as Model S sedans could be impaired.  We have very limited experience servicing our vehicles. As of March 31, 2011 we had sold only approximately 1,650 Tesla Roadsters to customers, primarily in the United States and Europe. We do not plan to begin production of any Model S vehicles until mid-2012 with higher volume production not occurring until 2013, and do not have any experience servicing these cars as they do not exist currently. Servicing electric vehicles is different than servicing vehicles with internal combustion engines and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques.  We plan to service our performance electric vehicles through our company-owned Tesla stores and through our mobile service technicians known as the Tesla Rangers. We have opened 18 Tesla stores, most of which are equipped to actively service our performance electric vehicles. However, seven stores have been open for less than one year, and to date we have only limited experience servicing our performance vehicles through our Tesla stores. Going forward, we intend to build separate sales and service locations in several markets, but to date have limited experience with separate sales and service locations within a geographic market. We will need to open additional Tesla stores with service capabilities and standalone service locations, as well as hire and train    significant numbers of new employees to staff these centers and act as Tesla Rangers, in order to successfully maintain our fleet of delivered performance electric vehicles. We only implemented our Tesla Rangers program in October 2009 and have limited experience in deploying them to service our customers’ vehicles. There can be no assurance that these service arrangements or our limited experience servicing our vehicles will adequately address the service requirements of our customers to their satisfaction, or that we will have sufficient resources to meet these service requirement in a timely manner as the volume of vehicles we are able to deliver annually increases.
 We do not expect to be able to open Tesla stores in all the geographic areas in which our existing and potential customers may reside. In order to address the service needs of customers that are not in geographical proximity to our service centers, we plan to either transport those vehicles to the nearest Tesla store or service center for servicing or deploy our mobile Tesla Rangers to service the vehicles at the customer’s location. These special arrangements may be expensive and we may not be able to recoup the costs of providing these services to our customers. In addition, a number of potential customers may choose not to purchase our vehicles because of the lack of a more widespread service network. If we do not adequately address our customers’ service needs, our brand and reputation will be adversely affected, which in turn, could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.  Traditional automobile manufacturers in the United States do not provide maintenance and repair services directly. Consumers must rather service their vehicles through franchised dealerships or through third party maintenance service providers. We do not have any such arrangements with third party service providers and it is unclear when or even whether such third party service providers will be able to acquire the expertise to service our vehicles. At this point, we anticipate that we will be providing substantially all of the service for our vehicles for the foreseeable future. As our vehicles are placed in more locations, we may encounter negative reactions from our consumers who are frustrated that they cannot use local service stations to the same extent as they have with their conventional automobiles and this frustration may result in negative publicity and reduced sales, thereby harming our business and prospects.
In addition, the motor vehicle industry laws in many states require that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles physically sold from locations in the state. Whether these laws would also require that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles sold over the internet to consumers in a state in which we have no physical presence is uncertain. While we believe our Tesla Ranger program and our practice of shipping customers’ vehicles to our nearest Tesla store for service would satisfy regulators in these circumstances, without seeking formal regulatory guidance, there are no assurances that regulators will not attempt to require that we provide physical service facilities in their states. Further, certain state franchise laws which prohibit manufacturers from being licensed as a dealer or acting in the capacity of dealer also restrict manufacturers from providing vehicle service. If issues arise in connection with these laws, certain aspects of Tesla’s service program would need to be restructured to comply with state law, which may harm our business.
We may not succeed in continuing to establish, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand, which would materially and adversely affect customer acceptance of our vehicles and components and our business, revenues and prospects.  Our business and prospects are heavily dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand. Any failure to develop, maintain and strengthen our brand may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell the Tesla Roadster and planned electric vehicles, including the Model S, and sell our electric powertrain components. If we do not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Promoting and positioning our brand will likely depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality electric cars and maintenance and repair services, and we have very limited experience in these areas. In addition, we expect that our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand will also depend heavily on the success of our marketing efforts. To date, we have limited experience with marketing activities as we have relied primarily on the internet, word of mouth and attendance at   industry trade shows to promote our brand. To further promote our brand, we may be required to change our marketing practices, which could result in substantially increased advertising expenses, including the need to use traditional media such as television, radio and print. The automobile industry is intensely competitive, and we may not be successful in building, maintaining and strengthening our brand. Many of our current and potential competitors, particularly automobile manufacturers headquartered in Detroit, Japan and the European Union, have greater name recognition, broader customer relationships and substantially greater marketing resources than we do. If we do not develop and maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted.  We are dependent upon our relationship with Lotus for the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster.  In July 2005, we entered into a supply agreement with Lotus, which was amended in March 2010, pursuant to which Lotus agreed to assist with the design and manufacture of our Tesla Roadster. Although we complete the final assembly of our Tesla Roadster in our Menlo Park facility for vehicles destined for the United States market, currently we are dependent upon Lotus to complete the initial portion of the assembly process of the Tesla Roadster for us in Hethel, England and we expect this to continue until we discontinue sales of our current generation Tesla Roadster. The partially assembled vehicles manufactured by Lotus do not contain our electric powertrain and are referred to as gliders.
We currently intend to manufacture gliders with Lotus for our current generation Tesla Roadster until December 2011. We intend to use these gliders in the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster to both fulfill orders placed in 2011 as well as new orders placed in 2012 until our supply of gliders is exhausted. Accordingly, we intend to offer a limited number of Tesla Roadsters for sale in the second half of 2011 and in 2012.
Pursuant to the supply agreement with Lotus, we are obligated to purchase 2,400 partially assembled or fully assembled vehicles over the term of the agreement. If we are unable to meet this volume requirement, we are still responsible for payment to Lotus of the lesser of (i) the sum of Lotus’ actual incurred costs and an agreed upon profit margin per vehicle up to the minimum volume requirement or (ii) £5,400,000. Our present plans do not call for the purchase of materially more than 2,400 vehicles and gliders from Lotus. Because we are dependent upon our relationship with Lotus for the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster, our business depends on Lotus continuing to operate as a viable and solvent entity and to continue to produce the Tesla Roadster vehicles and gliders pursuant to our supply agreement. Any delay or discontinuance by Lotus of delivery of the Tesla Roadster vehicles and gliders or failure by Lotus to produce the vehicles and gliders in accordance with quality standards would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.  We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems. If these implementations are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed.  We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our production of the Model S will necessitate the improvement, design and development of more expanded supply chain systems to support our operations as well as production and shop floor management. The implementation of new software management platforms and the addition of these platforms at new locations require significant management time, support and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems, including supply chain disruptions that may affect our ability to obtain supplies when needed or to deliver vehicles to our Tesla stores and customers. We cannot be sure that these expanded systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all. If we do not successfully implement this project, our operations may be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed. In addition, the new systems may not operate as we expect them to, and we may be required to expend significant resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions.
  If our vehicle owners customize our vehicles or change the charging infrastructure with aftermarket products, the vehicle may not operate properly, which could harm our business.  Automobile enthusiasts may seek to “hack” our vehicles to modify its performance which could compromise vehicle safety systems. Also, we are aware of customers who have customized their vehicles with after-market parts that may compromise driver safety. For example, some customers have installed seats that elevate the driver such that airbag and other safety systems could be compromised. Other customers have changed wheels and tires, while others have installed large speaker systems that may impact the electrical systems of the vehicle. We have not tested, nor do we endorse, such changes or products. In addition, customer use of improper external cabling or unsafe charging outlets can expose our customer to injury from high voltage electricity.
Such unauthorized modifications could reduce the safety of our vehicles and any injuries resulting from such modifications could result in adverse publicity which would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.  The success of our business depends on attracting and retaining a large number of customers. If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability.  Our success depends on attracting a large number of potential customers to purchase our electric vehicles. As of March 31, 2011 we had sold approximately 1,650 Tesla Roadsters to customers, almost all of which were sold in the United States and Europe, and, as of April 30, 2011, had accepted reservations for approximately 4,600 Model S sedans. If our existing and prospective customers do not perceive our vehicles and services to be of sufficiently high value and quality, cost competitive and appealing in aesthetics or performance, or if the final production version of the Model S is not sufficiently similar to the drivable design prototype, we may not be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers, and our business and prospects, operating results and financial condition would suffer as a result. In addition, because our performance electric vehicles to date have been sold largely through word of mouth marketing efforts, we may be required to incur significantly higher and more sustained advertising and promotional expenditures than we have previously incurred to attract customers, and use more traditional advertising techniques. In addition, if we engage in traditional advertising, we may face review by consumer protection enforcement agencies and may incur significant expenses to ensure that our advertising claims are fully supported. To date, we have limited experience selling our electric vehicles and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining a large number of customers. For example, a significant number of our stores have been open for less than one year and a portion of our sales team come from backgrounds other than automotive. If for any of these reasons we are not able to attract and maintain customers, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition would be materially harmed.
We may have trouble attracting and retaining powertrain customers which could adversely affect our business prospects and results. Daimler and its affiliates and Toyota are currently the only customers of our electric powertrain sales and development services. In May 2009, we formalized a development agreement with Daimler as a result of which we performed specified research and development services. In addition, we have been selected by Daimler to supply it with up to 2,100 battery packs and chargers to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive. We began shipping the first of these battery packs and chargers in November 2009. In the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011 and we entered into a formal agreement for this arrangement in May 2010. There is no guarantee that we will be able to secure future business with Daimler or its affiliates as it has indicated its intent to produce all of its lithium-ion batteries by 2012 as part of a joint venture with Deutsche Accumotive GmbH & Co. KG and has announced it has entered into a joint venture with BYD Auto to collaborate on the development of an electric car under a jointly owned new brand for the Chinese market. If Daimler goes through with its production plans with Deutsche Accumotive GmbH & Co. KG, we are likely to lose this portion of our powertrain sales. Recently, Daimler has indicated that there may be an opportunity for us to continue supplying electric powertrain components, including battery packs, in 2012 and beyond, but we have not entered into any agreements with Daimler for these arrangements and we may never do so. In October 2010, we and Toyota entered into an agreement to develop a validated electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. However, we may not be able to enter into additional agreements with Toyota in the future. We have no significant development or sales agreements in place to drive our electric powertrain revenues after 2011. Even if we do develop such relationships, there is no assurance that we can adequately pursue such opportunities simultaneously with the execution of our plans for our vehicles.
Our relationship with Daimler is subject to various risks which could adversely affect our business and future prospects.
 Daimler has agreed to purchase components of our electric powertrain to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive and a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles in Europe. However, our relationship with Daimler poses various risks to us including:      •    potential delays in launching the Model S if we lose Daimler’s automotive support and are unable to find an alternative in a timely manner;   •    potential loss of access to various parts that we are incorporating into our Model S design; and      •    potential loss of business and adverse publicity to our brand image if there are defects or other problems discovered with our electric powertrain components that Daimler has incorporated into their vehicles.  The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.  In addition, our exclusivity and intellectual property agreement, or EIP Agreement, with Daimler North America Corporation (DNAC), an affiliate of Daimler provides that, if a Daimler competitor offers to enter into a competitive strategic transaction with us, we are required to give DNAC notice of such offer and DNAC will have a specified period of time in which to notify us whether it wishes to enter into such transaction with us on the same terms as offered by the third party. Because we will be able to enter into such a transaction with a third party only if DNAC declines to do so, this may decrease the likelihood that we will receive offers from third parties to enter into strategic arrangements in the future.
We may not be able to identify adequate strategic relationship opportunities, or form strategic relationships, in the future.
 Strategic business relationships will be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. For example, our strategic relationship with Daimler has provided us with various benefits and we have entered into an agreement to develop a validated electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4 with Toyota. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable business relationship opportunities in the future or our competitors may capitalize on such opportunities before we do. Our strategic relationship with Daimler involved Blackstar, an affiliate of Daimler, making a significant equity investment in us as well as a representative from Daimler, Dr. Herbert Kohler, joining our Board. In addition, Toyota made a significant equity investment in us concurrent with the closing of our IPO in July 2010. We may not be able to offer similar benefits to other companies that we would like to establish and maintain strategic relationships with which could impair our ability to establish such relationships. Moreover, identifying such opportunities could demand substantial management time and resources, and negotiating and financing relationships involves significant costs and uncertainties. If we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic relationship opportunities in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
If we fail to manage future growth effectively, we may not be able to market and sell our vehicles successfully.
 Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We have recently expanded our operations significantly, increasing our total number of employees from 268 as of December 31, 2007 to 1,010 as of March 31, 2011 and further significant expansion will be required, especially in connection with the planned establishment of our Model S manufacturing facility, our electric powertrain manufacturing facility, the expansion of our network of Tesla stores and service centers, our mobile Tesla Rangers program and requirements of being a public company. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include:      •    training new personnel;      •    forecasting production and revenue;      •    controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations;      •    establishing or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities;      •    implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes;    •    addressing new markets; and      •    expanding international operations.  We intend to continue to hire a significant number of additional personnel, including design and manufacturing personnel and service technicians for our performance electric vehicles. Because our high-performance vehicles are based on a different technology platform than traditional internal combustion engines, individuals with sufficient training in performance electric vehicles may not be available to hire, and we will need to expend significant time and expense training the employees we do hire. Competition for individuals with experience designing, manufacturing and servicing electric vehicles is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate, train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these additional employees could seriously harm our business and prospects.
If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical and vehicle engineering personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.  The loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our vehicles and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman of our Board of Directors, and JB Straubel, our Chief Technical Officer. None of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing and support personnel and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We have in the past and may in the future experience difficulty in retaining members of our senior management team. In addition, we do not have “key person” life insurance policies covering any of our officers or other key employees. There is increasing competition for talented individuals with the specialized knowledge of electric vehicles and this competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones.  We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer.  We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect, Chairman of our Board of Directors and largest stockholder. Although Mr. Musk spends significant time with Tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to Tesla. Mr. Musk also currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer of Space Exploration Technologies, a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and Chairman of SolarCity, a solar equipment installation company.
In addition, our financing agreements with Blackstar contain certain covenants relating to Mr. Musk’s employment as our Chief Executive Officer. These covenants provide that if Mr. Musk is not serving as our Chief Executive Officer at any time until the later of December 31, 2012 or the launch of the Model S, Mr. Musk shall promptly propose a successor Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Kohler, or his successor, must consent to any appointment of such person by our Board of Directors. If at any time during the period from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012, Mr. Musk is not serving as either our Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of our Board of Directors for reasons other than his death or disability, and Dr. Kohler, or his successor, has not consented to the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer or if during such period Mr. Musk renders services to, or invests in, any other automotive OEM other than us, Daimler has the right to terminate any or all of its strategic collaboration agreements with us. If this were to occur, our business would be harmed.  Furthermore, our DOE Loan Facility provides that we will be in default under the facility in the event Mr. Musk and certain of his affiliates fail to own, at any time prior to one year after we complete the project relating to the Model S, at least 65% of the capital stock held by Mr. Musk and such affiliates as of the date of the DOE Loan Facility. Mr. Musk’s shares of our capital stock are held directly by his personal trust.
  Many members of our management team are new to the company or to the automobile industry, and execution of our business plan and development strategy could be seriously harmed if integration of our management team into our company is not successful.
Our business could be seriously harmed if integration of our management team into our company is not successful. We expect that it will take time for our new management team to integrate into our company and it is too early to predict whether this integration will be successful. We have recently experienced significant changes in our management team and expect to continue to experience significant growth in our management team. Our senior management team has only limited experience working together as a group. Specifically, three of the six members of our senior management team have joined us within the last two years.
For example, Gilbert Passin, our Vice President of Manufacturing, joined us in January 2010, George Blankenship, our Vice President of Sales and Customer Experience, joined us in July 2010, and Eric Whitaker, our General Counsel, joined us in October 2010. This lack of long-term experience working together may impact the team’s ability to collectively quickly and efficiently respond to problems and effectively manage our business. Although we are taking steps to add senior management personnel that have significant automotive experience, many of the members of our current senior management team have limited or no prior experience in the automobile or electric vehicle industries.
We are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and cause delays in building our manufacturing facilities.  As an automobile manufacturer, we and our operations, both in the United States and abroad, are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials.
There are no assurances that NUMMI will perform its obligations under our agreement and NUMMI’s failure to perform would require us to undertake these obligations at a potentially significant cost and risk to our ability to build, equip, and operate our Model S facility at the Fremont site. Any Remediation Activities or other environmental conditions at the Fremont site could harm our operations and the future use and value of the Fremont site and could delay our production plans for the Model S.  We may not be able to obtain, or to agree on acceptable terms and conditions for, all or a significant portion of the government grants, loans and other incentives for which we have applied and may in the future apply. As a result, our business and prospects may be adversely affected.  We have applied for federal and state grants, loans and tax incentives under government programs designed to stimulate the economy and support the production of electric vehicles and related technologies. We anticipate that in the future there will be new opportunities for us to apply for grants, loans and other incentives from the United States, state and foreign governments. Our ability to obtain funds or incentives from government sources is subject to the availability of funds under applicable government programs and approval of our applications to participate in such programs. The application process for these funds and other incentives is and will be highly competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining any of these additional grants, loans and other incentives. If we are not successful in obtaining any of these additional incentives and we are unable to find alternative sources of funding to meet our planned capital needs, our business and prospects could be materially adversely affected.  Our business may be adversely affected by union activities.
  We retain certain personal information about our customers and may be subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws.  We use our vehicles’ electronic systems to log information about each vehicle’s use in order to aid us in vehicle diagnostics, repair and maintenance, as well as to help us collect data regarding our customers’ charge time, battery usage, mileage and efficiency habits. Our customers may object to the use of this data, which may harm our business. Possession and use of our customers’ personal information in conducting our business may subject us to federal and/or state legislative and regulatory burdens in the United States and foreign jurisdictions that could require notification of data breach, restrict our use of such personal information and hinder our ability to acquire new customers or market to existing customers. For example, we are subject to local data protection laws in Europe. We may incur significant expenses to comply with privacy, consumer protection and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations. If third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers, we may be required to expend significant resources to resolve these problems. A major breach of our network security and systems could have serious negative consequences for our businesses and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our vehicles, and harm to our reputation and brand.  Our vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which on rare occasions have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flame.
Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. We may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we do face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under our policy.  In connection with the development and sale of our Model S, we will need to comply with various additional safety regulations and requirements that were not applicable to the sales of our Tesla Roadsters, with which it may be expensive or difficult to comply. For example, we will need to pass certain frontal impact tests for the Model S, which are required for sales exceeding certain annual volumes outside the United States. We performed such a test on the Tesla Roadster based on European Union testing standards in connection with sales exceeding certain volume thresholds in Australia and Japan, and two criteria were not met in the test. We may experience difficulties in meeting all the criteria for this test or similar tests for our Model S, which may delay our ability to sell the Model S in high volumes in certain jurisdictions.  We may be compelled to undertake product recalls, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance.
We may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.  Companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop or sell our vehicles or components, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, we may receive inquiries from holders of patents or trademarks inquiring whether we infringe their proprietary rights. Companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights relating to battery packs, electric motors or electronic power management systems may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise asserting their rights and seeking licenses. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following:      •    cease selling, incorporating or using vehicles that incorporate the challenged intellectual property;      •    pay substantial damages;      •    obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or      •    redesign our vehicles.  In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
We also license patents and other intellectual property from third parties, and we may face claims that our use of this in-licensed technology infringes the rights of others. In that case, we may seek indemnification from our licensors under our license contracts with them. However, our rights to indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs and losses, depending on our use of the technology, whether we choose to retain control over conduct of the litigation, and other factors.
Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties.  Any failure to protect our proprietary rights adequately could result in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of patents, patent applications, trade secrets, including know-how, employee and third party nondisclosure agreements, copyright laws, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. We have also received from third parties patent licenses related to manufacturing our vehicles.  The protection provided by the patent laws is and will be important to our future opportunities.
However, such patents and agreements and various other measures we take to protect our intellectual property from use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following:      •    our pending patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents;      •    our patents, if issued, may not be broad enough to protect our proprietary rights;      •    the patents we have been granted may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented because of the pre-existence of similar patented or unpatented intellectual property rights or for other reasons;    •    the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable;      •    current and future competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our vehicles or design new vehicles in a way that circumvents our patents; and      •    our in-licensed patents may be invalidated or the holders of these patents may seek to breach our license arrangements.
Existing trademark and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements afford only limited protection. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States, and policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult.
Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours.  We cannot be certain that we are the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications on these inventions, nor can we be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford protection against a competitor. In addition, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued U.S. patents will be issued. Furthermore, if these patent applications issue, some foreign countries provide significantly less effective patent enforcement than in the United States.
The status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will result in patents being issued, or that our patents and any patents that may be issued to us in the near future will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, patents issued to us may be infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.  Three of our trademark applications in the European Union remain subject to six outstanding opposition proceedings.  We currently sell and market our vehicles in the European Union under the Tesla trademark. We have three trademark applications in the European Union for the Tesla trademark. These are subject to an outstanding opposition proceeding brought by a prior owner of trademarks consisting of the word Tesla. If we cannot resolve these remaining oppositions and thereby secure registered rights in the European Union, this will reduce our ability to challenge third party users of the Tesla trademark and dilute the value of the mark as our exclusive brand name in the European Union. In addition, there is a risk that the remaining prior rights owner could in the future take action to challenge our use of the Tesla mark in the European Union. This would have a severe impact on our position in the European Union and may inhibit our ability to use the Tesla mark in the European Union. If we were prevented from using the Tesla trademark in the European Union, we would need to expend significant additional financial and marketing resources on establishing an alternative brand identity in these markets.  We may be subject to claims arising from an airplane crash in which three of our employees died.  In February 2010, three of our employees died in a crash of an airplane owned and piloted by one of our employees. The plane crashed in a neighborhood in East Palo Alto, California. The plane also clipped an electrical tower, causing a power loss and business interruption in parts of Palo Alto, including Stanford University. The cause of the accident is under investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board.
  In November 2010, a case was filed against us relating to the crash in California Superior Court. In that case, plaintiffs allege claims for negligence, negligent infliction of emotional distress, trespass, and violations of federal and state aviation laws and regulations against all defendants, and seek compensation for real property damage and loss of use, as well as personal property and emotional distress/bodily injury claims. In December 2010, the plaintiffs settled claims for real property damage but retained their claims for emotional distress, bodily injury and personal property damage. We believe that these remaining claims are covered by insurance.  As a result of the accident, other claims, including but not limited to those arising from loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or damage to the electrical tower and surrounding area, may be asserted against various parties including us. The time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims. We may also incur costs both in defending against any claims and for any judgments if such claims are adversely determined.
Our facilities or operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters or unpredictable events.
 Our corporate headquarters and planned manufacturing facilities are located in California, a region known for seismic activity. If major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, pandemics or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. In addition, our lease for our Palo Alto facility permits the landlord to terminate the lease following a casualty event if the needed repairs are in excess of certain thresholds and we do not agree to pay for any uninsured amounts. We may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
 If our suppliers fail to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations, our brand image could be harmed due to negative publicity.  Our core values, which include developing the highest quality electric vehicles while operating with integrity, are an important component of our brand image, which makes our reputation particularly sensitive to allegations of unethical business practices. We do not control our independent suppliers or their business practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee their compliance with ethical business practices, such as environmental responsibility, fair wage practices, and compliance with child labor laws, among others. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages or other disruptions of our operations.
Violation of labor or other laws by our suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier’s labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or other markets in which we do business could also attract negative publicity for us and our brand. This could diminish the value of our brand image and reduce demand for our performance electric vehicles if, as a result of such violation, we were to attract negative publicity. If we, or other manufacturers in our industry, encounter similar problems in the future, it could harm our brand image, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.  We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.  We will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the year ending December 31, 2011. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting, as well as a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
  A substantial majority of our total outstanding shares are held by insiders and may be sold on a stock exchange in the near future. The large number of shares eligible for public sale or subject to rights requiring us to register them for public sale could depress the market price of our common stock.
The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market in the future, and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market price of our common stock. As of March 31, 2011, after giving effect to this offering and the concurrent private placement, we had 102,840,840 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, all 15,295,000 shares sold in the IPO and all 5,300,000 shares of common stock sold in this offering, plus any shares sold in this offering upon exercise of the underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares, will be freely tradable in the public market without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless these shares are held by “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  All 38,131,153 shares to be beneficially owned after this offering and the concurrent private placement by Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Blackstar, will be subject to lock-up agreements that restrict transfer of our shares for 90 days after the date of this prospectus (subject to extension in certain circumstances). See “Shares Eligible for Future Sale—Lock-Up Agreements.”  The remaining shares of common stock, as well as the shares sold in the concurrent private placement, will be “restricted securities,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. These restricted securities are eligible for public sale only if they are registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rules 144 or 701 under the Securities Act, which are summarized below.
 Our current agreements with Blackstar, an affiliate of Daimler, contain certain restrictions that decrease the likelihood that potential acquirors would make a bid to acquire us.  Our financing agreements with Blackstar, an affiliate of Daimler, include certain restrictions that decrease the likelihood that potential acquirors would make a bid to acquire us, including giving Blackstar a right of notice on any acquisition proposal we receive for which we determine to engage in further discussions with a potential acquiror or otherwise pursue. Blackstar then has a right, within a specified time period, to submit a competing    acquisition proposal. In addition, Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect, Chairman and largest stockholder, has agreed that he will not transfer any shares of our capital stock beneficially owned by him to any automobile original equipment manufacturer, other than Daimler, without Blackstar’s consent. Mr. Musk has further agreed not to vote any shares of our capital stock beneficially owned by him in favor of a deemed liquidation transaction to which any automobile original equipment manufacturer, other than Daimler, is a party without Blackstar’s consent. These provisions could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control of us, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to fall.  If securities or industry analysts publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely or cease to publish research or reports about us, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.  We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.
We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock.
This prospectus, including the sections entitled “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Use of Proceeds,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business” contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this prospectus, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position; business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations; statements relating to the progress Tesla is making with respect to the development, testing, performance, attributes and launch schedule of the Model S as well as statements regarding annual unit volume of Model S, the Model S rollout and mile range expectations; the development, pricing and volume expectations of the Model X crossover vehicle, including development of a prototype; the ability of Tesla to produce vehicles at the Tesla Factory in Fremont, California as well as the plans and schedule for the Tesla Factory and the equipment there; engineering progress; new stores, sales and service locations; and the orders, schedule and benefits from Tesla’s development programs with Daimler, Toyota and Panasonic, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in “Risk Factors.” Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.  You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this prospectus to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations.  You should read this prospectus and the documents that we have filed with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect.
  MARKET, INDUSTRY AND OTHER DATA  Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this prospectus concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate, including our general expectations and market position, market opportunity and market size, is based on information from various sources, on assumptions that we have made that are based on those data and other similar sources and on our knowledge of the markets for our services. These data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified any third party information and cannot assure you of its accuracy or completeness, but we believe such third party information is accurate. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this prospectus is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industry in which we operate is necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us.
We estimate that our net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in this offering and the sale of shares in the concurrent private placement will be approximately $206.9 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses that we must pay. If the underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares in this offering is exercised in full, we estimate that our net proceeds will be approximately $231.3 million.  We intend to use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering and the concurrent private placement to fund the development of our Model X crossover vehicle. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering and the concurrent private placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including any unfunded amounts we need to pay to complete the production of the Model S, any additional insourcing investments and any remaining amounts that we have agreed to spend under our DOE Loan Facility.
Under our DOE Loan Facility, we have agreed to spend up to a total of $33 million plus any cost overruns we may encounter in developing our Model S and our Model S manufacturing facility as well as any cost overruns we encounter in developing our powertrain facility.  We currently anticipate that our total capital expenditures for the remaining three quarters of 2011 and all of 2012, including for the Model S and Model X, will be in the range of $330 million to $370 million. We anticipate that most of the capital expenditures on the Model S will be funded by the DOE Loan Facility. Our aggregate capital expenditures will also include funding the expansion of our Tesla stores. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to potentially expand our current business through acquisitions of complementary businesses, products or technologies.
However, we do not have agreements or commitments for any specific acquisitions at this time. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net proceeds for other purposes, and subject to our obligations under our DOE Loan Facility, we will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds.  Pending use of the proceeds as described above, we intend to invest the proceeds in highly liquid cash equivalents that are permitted under our DOE Loan Facility or United States government securities.
Our common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “TSLA” since June 29, 2010. Prior to that time there was no public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.
   The last reported sale price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $28.76 per share on June 2, 2011. We estimate that there were approximately 359 holders of record of our common stock as of June 2, 2011.
We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common or convertible preferred stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws and compliance with certain covenants under our loan facility with the United States Department of Energy, which restrict or limit our ability to pay dividends, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
The following table sets forth our capitalization as of March 31, 2011:      •    on an actual basis;      •    on an as adjusted basis to give effect to (i) the sale of 5,300,000 shares of common stock in this offering at the public offering price of $28.76 per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us; and (ii) the sale of 1,986,000 shares of common stock to be purchased directly by Elon Musk and Blackstar at such price in the concurrent private placement.  You should read this table together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.         The table above does not give effect to $22.4 million in additional funds borrowed under our DOE Loan Facility in April and May 2011.
 The number of shares of common stock set forth in the table above excludes:      •    14,654,270 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding at March 31, 2011 at a weighted average exercise price of $10.76 per share;      •    483,100 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options granted after March 31, 2011 at a weighted average exercise price of $26.58 per share;      •    3,085,011 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of a warrant granted to the DOE in connection with the closing of our DOE Loan Facility on January 20, 2010, at an exercise price of $7.54 per share and 5,100 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of a warrant granted to the DOE on May 21, 2010, at an exercise price of $8.94 per share (if we prepay our DOE Loan Facility in full or in part, the total amount of shares exercisable under these warrants will be proportionately reduced); and    •    13,918,481 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our stock-based compensation plans, consisting of 11,415,533 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2,502,948 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and shares that become available under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, pursuant to provisions thereof that automatically increase the share reserves under the plans each year, as more fully described in “Management—Employee Benefit Plans.”  The above capitalization information assumes:      •    no exercise by the underwriter of its right to purchase up to an additional 795,000 shares of common stock from us; and      •    no purchase by Blackstar Investco LLC, an affiliate of Daimler AG, pursuant to its commitment to purchase up to 67,475 shares of our common stock if the underwriter exercises its right to purchase up to an additional 795,000 shares of common stock from us in this offering.
As of March 31, 2011, we had a net tangible book value of approximately $167.7 million or $1.75 per share of common stock, based upon 95,554,840 shares of common stock outstanding on such date. Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our total tangible assets reduced by the amount of our total liabilities and divided by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding.  Dilution in net tangible book value per share to new investors in this offering represents the difference between the amount per share paid by purchasers of 7,286,000 shares of common stock in this offering and the net tangible book value per share of common stock immediately after the completion of this offering and the concurrent private placement. After giving effect to the sale of the shares of common stock offered by us in this offering and the concurrent private placement at the offering price of $28.76 per share, and after deducting the underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our net tangible book value as of March 31, 2011 would have been $374.6 million, or $3.64 per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $1.89 per share to existing stockholders and an immediate dilution of $25.12 per share to new investors in our common stock. The following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis.
(3) Our basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
Development services revenue increased to $15.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2011 driven primarily by our development activities for the Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota) RAV4 EV program. We continued to progress as planned, with the completion of initial milestones and deliveries of samples and prototype vehicles to Toyota. Pursuant to our agreements with Toyota, we expect to recognize approximately $45 million in additional revenues for the remaining development services which we currently expect to complete in the fourth quarter of 2011 or the first quarter of 2012. Toyota anticipates bringing the RAV4 EV to market in the United States in 2012, and we are negotiating with Toyota to finalize a separate agreement to supply production parts for that project; however, no agreement has yet been executed and there are no assurances that we will be able to enter into any such agreement.
  During the three months ended March 31, 2011, we substantially completed the construction of our Model S alpha prototypes and continued to put those prototypes through numerous rounds of testing. Detailed testing of systems integration, performance and safety, including cold weather brakes testing, has provided us with significant reliability and systems integration data and we expect that our iterative alpha testing will continue to influence our final part designs. Preparations for the beta build in our Fremont facility later this year are underway and we are working closely with suppliers to design, develop and test components that will meet our anticipated production design specifications. As a result of expenses related to the Model S alpha prototype build, increased production and engineering headcount, significant engineering, design and testing work being undertaken at several of our suppliers to support Model S readiness, along with our other research and development activities, research and development expenses increased to $41.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2011 from $13.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2010. We anticipate research and development expenses to continue to increase as we incur additional costs to develop the Model S and to operate our Model S manufacturing facility prior to the start of Model S production as well as begin to incur significant expenses in connection with the development of our Model X crossover vehicle.
Alongside Model S engineering and manufacturing engineering development, we also experienced significant activity at our Fremont manufacturing facility, where we intend to produce our Model S and future vehicles, including our Model X crossover vehicle. Significant construction is in progress to prepare each shop for the upcoming deliveries of additional manufacturing equipment. Equipment in plastics and stamping has been run in manual operation modes and further automation installation will continue throughout the summer. As a result of investments being made in our Fremont manufacturing facility and assets, along with our Palo Alto, California corporate headquarters and powertrain facility, capital expenditures increased to $20.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2011, compared to $8.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2010. We anticipate that this trend will continue. Capital expenditures for the remaining three quarters of 2011 and all of 2012, including for the Model S and Model X, will be in the range of $330 million to $370 million.
Under California’s Low-Emission Vehicle Regulations, and similar laws in other states, vehicle manufacturers are required to ensure that a portion of the vehicles delivered for sale in that state during each model year are zero emission vehicles. Currently, the states of California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont have such laws in effect. These laws provide that a manufacturer of zero emission vehicles may earn credits, referred to as ZEV credits, and may sell excess credits to other manufacturers who apply such credits to comply with these regulatory requirements. As a manufacturer solely of zero emission vehicles, we have earned ZEV credits on vehicles sold in such states, and we expect to continue to earn these credits in the future.
We recognize revenue from development services arrangements where we develop electric vehicle powertrain components for other automobile manufacturers, including the design and development of battery packs and chargers to meet a customer’s specifications. Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2010, we started entering into such contracts with the expectation that our development services would constitute a viable revenue-generating activity. Revenue is recognized as the performance requirements of each development arrangement are met and collection is reasonably assured. Where development arrangements include substantive at-risk milestones, we recognize revenue based upon the achievement of the contractually-defined milestones. Amounts collected in advance of meeting all of the revenue recognition criteria are not recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and are instead recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. We expect our deferred revenues may fluctuate in future periods based on the timing of cash receipts as compared to the timing of meeting revenue recognition criteria. Costs of development services are expensed as   incurred. Costs of development services incurred in periods prior to the finalization of an agreement are recorded as research and development expenses; once an agreement is finalized, these costs are recorded in cost of revenues.  Prior to 2010, compensation that we had received from our first development arrangement with Daimler for battery packs and chargers for its Smart fortwo program, which is discussed under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Basis of Presentation—Research and Development Expenses”, was recorded as an offset to research and development expenses. This early arrangement was motivated primarily by the opportunity to engage Daimler and at the same time, jointly progress our own research and development activities with the associated development compensation.  In the three months ended March 31, 2010, we completed the development and delivery of modular battery packs for electric delivery vans for Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation (Freightliner), an affiliate of Daimler, and recognized revenue related to these development services.
In February 2010, we began offering a leasing program to qualified customers in the United States for the Tesla Roadster. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Tesla Motors Leasing, Inc., qualifying customers are permitted to lease the Tesla Roadster for 36 months, after which time they have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing it for a pre-determined residual value. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and accordingly, we record cost of automotive sales equal to the depreciation of the leased vehicles on a straight-line basis over the term of the individual leases.
Through March 31, 2011, cost of automotive sales related to leased vehicles has not been significant.  Cost of development services includes engineering support and testing, direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs and other development expenses that we incur in the performance of our services under development agreements.  We define our gross profit (loss) as our total revenues less our total cost of revenues, and our gross margin as our gross profit (loss) expressed as a percentage of total revenues.
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense. Also included in research and development expenses are development services costs that we incur, if any, prior to the finalization of agreements with our development services customers as reaching a final agreement and revenue recognition is not assured. Development services costs incurred after the finalization of an agreement are recorded in cost of revenues.
As of March 31, 2011, we had 413 employees working in research and development.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our Tesla stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as litigation settlements and fees for professional and contract services.  We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase both in aggregate dollar amounts and as a percentage of revenue in future periods as we continue to grow and expand our operations and increase our sales and marketing team to handle our expanding customer base and market presence. We also expect an increase in our selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of our planned increase in the number of Tesla stores. As of March 31, 2011, we had opened 17 Tesla stores in North America, Europe and Asia. We plan to open additional stores during 2011, with a goal of establishing approximately 50 stores globally within the next several years.  As of March 31, 2011, we had 317 employees working in selling, general and administrative functions.  Interest Income  Interest income consists of interest earned on cash balances and short-term investments. We have historically invested our available cash balances primarily in money market funds.
Interest expense consists primarily of interest on outstanding long-term debt under our loan facility from the DOE Loan Facility which we began accessing in 2010. Historically, interest expense also consisted of interest related to convertible debt and other borrowings. Although we expect interest expense will increase as we continue to draw down on the DOE Loan Facility to fund our Model S and powertrain activities, we expect to capitalize this interest until we begin production of the Model S.
  Other Income (Expense), Net  Other income (expense), net consists primarily of the change in the fair value of our common stock warrant liability and transaction gains and losses on our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, and through the completion of our IPO on July 2, 2010, the change in the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liability. We expect our foreign currency transaction gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates. Charges resulting from the change in the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liability were eliminated following the completion of our IPO in July 2010 as the convertible preferred stock warrants were net exercised at that time. In January 2010, we issued a warrant to the DOE in connection with the closing of the DOE Loan Facility to purchase up to 9,255,035 shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.51 per share. This preferred stock warrant became a warrant to purchase up to 3,090,111 shares of our common stock upon the closing of our IPO as a result of the automatic conversion of our preferred stock into common stock at such time. Beginning on December 15, 2018 and until December 14, 2022, the shares subject to purchase under the preferred stock warrant will become exercisable in quarterly amounts depending on the average outstanding balance of the DOE Loan Facility during the prior quarter. Since the number of shares of common stock ultimately issuable under the DOE warrant will vary, this warrant will be carried at its estimated fair value with changes in the fair value of this common stock warrant liability reflected in other income (expense), net, until its expiration or vesting.  Provision for Income Taxes  We are subject to income taxes in the countries where we sell our products. Historically, we have primarily been subject to taxation in the United States because we have sold the majority of our products to customers in the United States. We anticipate that in the future as we expand our sale of products to customers outside the United States, we would become subject to taxation based on the foreign statutory rates in the countries where these sales took place and our effective tax rate could fluctuate accordingly.
Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  We believe that based on the available information, it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will not be realized, and accordingly we have taken a full valuation allowance against all of our United States deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2010, we had $369.1 million of federal and $278.0 million of California operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which expire in varying amounts beginning in 2024 for federal and 2019 for state purposes if unused. Additionally, we had research and development tax credits of $8.0 million and $8.1 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. As of March 31, 2011 (unaudited), we had $422.3 million of federal and $312.1 million of California operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which expire in varying amounts beginning in 2024 for federal and 2019 for state purposes if unused. Additionally, we had research and development tax credits of $8.9 million and $9.2 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. If not utilized, the federal research and development carry-forwards will expire in various amounts beginning in 2019. However, the state credits can be carried forward indefinitely.
 Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards in the event of an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Prior to our IPO, we performed a study and had determined that no significant limitation would be placed on the utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards as a result of prior ownership changes. We do not believe that our IPO or the current offering would constitute an ownership change resulting in limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards; however, we have not yet performed a study subsequent to our IPO to determine whether such limitations exist. If an ownership change is deemed to have occurred as a result of our IPO or this offering, utilization of these assets could be significantly reduced.
Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
We recognize automotive sales revenue from sales of the Tesla Roadster, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of zero emission vehicle, or ZEV, credits.
We also recognize automotive sales revenue from the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components, such as battery packs and battery chargers, to other manufacturers. We recognize revenue when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
Automotive sales consist primarily of revenue earned from the sale of vehicles. Sales or other amounts collected in advance of meeting all of the revenue recognition criteria are not recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and are instead recorded as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets. Prior to February 2010, we did not provide direct financing for the purchase of the Tesla Roadster although a third-party lender has provided financing arrangements to our customers in the United States. Under these arrangements we have been paid in full by the customer at the time of purchase. Starting in February 2010, we began offering a leasing program to qualified customers in the United States.  Automotive sales also consist of revenue earned from the sales of vehicle options, accessories and destination charges. While these sales may take place separately from a vehicle sale, they are often part of one vehicle sale agreement resulting in multiple element arrangements.
Upon entering into the final agreement in May 2009, we began recognizing the deferred development compensation as an offset to our research and development expenses on a straight-line basis. This amount was recognized over the expected life of the agreement, beginning in May 2009 and continuing through November 2009. Payments that we received upon the achievement of development milestones subsequent to contract execution in May 2009 were recognized upon achievement and acceptance of the respective milestones. All amounts received under this development agreement have been recognized as an offset to our research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. All development activities under this agreement were completed as of December 31, 2009.
We value our inventories at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. We record inventory write-downs for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventories based upon assumptions about future demand forecasts. If our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.  We also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product.
Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded write-downs of $3.7 million to research and development expenses and $0.6 million to cost of automotive sales. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2010, and the three months ended March 31, 2011, we recorded write-downs of $1.4 million, $1.0 million and $0.4 million, in cost of automotive sales, respectively.
 The inventory amounts are based on our current estimates of demand, selling prices and production costs. Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, material changes to these reserves may be required. Further, a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
We accrue warranty reserves at the time a vehicle or powertrain component is delivered to a customer. Warranty reserves include management’s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace any items under warranty, based on actual warranty experience as it becomes available and other known factors that may impact our evaluation of historical data. We review our reserves at least quarterly to ensure that our accruals are adequate in meeting expected future warranty obligations, and we will adjust our estimates as needed. Initial warranty data can be limited early in the launch of a new vehicle or powertrain component and accordingly, the adjustments that we record may be material. As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, we had $3.8 million, $5.4 million and $5.8 million in warranty reserves, respectively. Adjustments to warranty reserves are recorded in cost of automotive sales.
 It is likely that as we sell additional Tesla Roadsters and powertrain components, we will acquire additional information on the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty and may need to make additional adjustments. Further, a small change in our warranty estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
Valuation of Stock-Based Awards, Common Stock and Warrants  Stock-Based Compensation  We use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options granted to employees which requires us to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock options, based on the grant date fair value of the award. The fair value of the awards is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period which is generally four years. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of forfeitures.
  The fair value of each new employee option awarded was estimated on the grant date for the periods below using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions.     If in the future we determine that another method for calculating the fair value of our stock options is more reasonable, or if another method for calculating the above input assumptions is prescribed by authoritative guidance, the fair value calculated for our employee stock options could change significantly.  The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. Further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
There is inherent uncertainty in these estimates and if we had made different assumptions than those used, the amount of our stock-based compensation expense, net loss and net loss per share amounts could have been significantly different. The following table summarizes, by grant date, the number of stock options granted since January 1, 2008 through the completion of our IPO on July 2, 2010, and the associated per share exercise price, which equaled the fair value of our common stock for each of these grants.     Included in the December 4, 2009 awards were 6,711,972 stock options granted to our Chief Executive Officer comprised of two grants. In recognition of his and our company’s achievements and to create incentives for future   success, the Board of Directors approved an option grant representing 4% of our fully-diluted share base prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, or 3,355,986 stock options, with 1/4th of the shares vesting immediately, and 1/36th of the remaining shares scheduled to vest each month over three years, assuming continued employment through each vesting date. In addition, to create incentives for the attainment of clear performance objectives around a key element of our current business plan—the successful launch and commercialization of the Model S—the Board of Directors approved additional options totaling an additional 4% of our fully-diluted shares prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of performance objectives as follows, assuming Mr. Musk’s continued service to us through each vesting date:      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Engineering Prototype;      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Validation Prototype;      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of the first Model S Production Vehicle; and      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of the 10,000th Model S Production Vehicle.
The aggregate value of the common stock derived from the Option-Pricing Method was then divided by the number of common shares outstanding to arrive at the per common share value. For those reports before our IPO that relied on the recent round of financing, we back-solved for the total equity value such that the value of the instrument sold in the recent round as calculated by the option pricing model was consistent with the observed transaction price.
Our Board of Directors considered the valuations derived from the approaches above, the probability and timing of completing an IPO as of those dates, as well as other qualitative factors in arriving at our common stock valuations, including the following:      •    significant operating losses since inception;      •    macroeconomic uncertainty in 2008;      •    the absence of a significant IPO market throughout 2008 and continuing through the second quarter of 2009; and      •    other market developments that influence forecasted revenue.
Valuations that we have performed require significant use of estimates and assumptions. If different estimates and assumptions had been used, our common stock valuations could be significantly different and related stock-based compensation expense may be materially impacted.  Warrants  We have accounted for our freestanding warrants to purchase shares of our convertible preferred stock as liabilities at fair value upon issuance. We have recorded the warrants as a liability because the underlying shares of convertible preferred stock are contingently redeemable and, therefore, may obligate us to transfer assets at some point in the future. The warrants are subject to re-measurement to fair value at each balance sheet date and any change in fair value is recognized as a component of other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations.  In January 2010, we issued a warrant to the DOE in connection with the closing of the DOE Loan Facility to purchase shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.51 per share. This convertible preferred stock warrant became a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $7.54 per share upon the closing of our IPO in July 2010. Beginning on December 15, 2018 and until    December 14, 2022, the shares subject to purchase under the warrant will become exercisable in quarterly amounts depending on the average outstanding balance of the DOE Loan Facility during the prior quarter. The warrant may be exercised until December 15, 2023. If we prepay the DOE Loan Facility in part or in full, the total amount of shares exercisable under the warrant will be reduced. Since the number of shares of common stock ultimately issuable under the warrant will vary, this warrant will be carried at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other expense, net, until its expiration or vesting. Our ability to prepay the DOE Loan Facility and consequently, the number of shares ultimately issuable under the DOE warrant, was determined to represent an embedded derivative. This embedded derivative is inherently valued and accounted for as part of the warrant.
Excluding the warrant issued to the DOE in January 2010, we have estimated the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrants at the respective balance sheet dates using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model which used several assumptions that are subject to significant management judgment as is the case for stock-based compensation as discussed above. Upon the completion of our IPO in July 2010, these convertible preferred stock warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2010, were net exercised and the related convertible preferred stock warrant liability was settled.
We record our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of operations by estimating our taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We estimate our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences arising from differing treatment of items recognized for financial reporting versus tax return purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. In general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our consolidated statements of operations become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws, or loss or credit carryforwards are utilized. Valuation allowances are recorded when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. As of March 31, 2011, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.  Furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. As a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes, such as net operating losses, based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. These effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. We are required to file income tax returns in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. Such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. We believe that our accounting consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a material change in estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. The eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
The following table sets forth our historical operating results as of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share data):     Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2010 and Revenues  Automotive Sales  Automotive sales, which include vehicle, options and related sales, and powertrain component and related sales, consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):     Automotive sales during the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $33.6 million, an increase from $20.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010.
  Vehicle, options and related sales represent sales of the Tesla Roadster, including vehicle options, accessories and destination charges, vehicle service and sales of zero emission vehicle credits. Powertrain component and related sales represent the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components, such as battery packs and battery chargers, to other manufacturers. Vehicle, options and related sales during the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $20.5 million, an increase from $18.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2010. The $2.4 million increase in vehicle, options and related sales was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of Tesla Roadsters that we sold, particularly in Asia, where we began selling the Tesla Roadster in 2010. Powertrain component and related sales for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $13.2 million, an increase from $2.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2010. The increase of $10.7 million in powertrain component and related sales was primarily due to significant shipments of batteries and chargers to Daimler. We began delivering battery packs and chargers for the Daimler Smart fortwo program during the fourth quarter of 2009. Additionally, the first quarter of 2011 represented the first full quarter of shipments of batteries and chargers for the Daimler A-Class program.  Development Services  Beginning in the first quarter of 2010, we started entering into development services arrangements with the expectation that our development services would constitute a viable revenue-generating activity. We began recognizing development services revenue during the first quarter of 2010 with the development and delivery of modular battery packs for Freightliner, an affiliate of Daimler. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011.
We began providing development services for this program during the three months ended March 31, 2010 and had received an aggregate of $5.5 million in payments; however, as we had not executed a final agreement related to this program as of March 31, 2010, we deferred the $5.5 million of payments that had been received from Daimler until a final agreement was subsequently executed in May 2010. We completed our deliverables under these agreements in 2010.
In July 2010, we entered into an agreement with Toyota to initiate development of an electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. Under this Phase 0 development agreement, prototypes would be made by us by combining the Toyota RAV4 model with a Tesla electric powertrain. In October 2010, we also entered into a Phase 1 contract services agreement with Toyota for the development of a validated powertrain system, including a battery, power electronics module, motor, gearbox and associated software, which will be integrated into an electric vehicle version of the Toyota RAV4. During the three months ended March 31, 2011, we completed two milestones under the Phase 1 agreement and delivered several samples and prototype vehicles. Development services revenue under these arrangements with Toyota for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $15.2 million.
 We intend to grow our development services revenue over time by establishing additional commercial arrangements with Daimler, Toyota and other automobile manufacturers. We do not yet have agreements for sales or services beyond 2011.  Additionally, we expect our development services revenue may fluctuate in future periods based on the timing of cash receipts as compared to the timing of meeting revenue recognition criteria.  Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit (Loss)  Cost of revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $31.0 million, an increase from $17.0 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The increase in cost of automotive sales for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was driven primarily by an increase in the number of vehicles that we sold and the significant shipments of batteries and chargers to Daimler. We began delivering battery packs and chargers for the Daimler Smart fortwo program during the fourth quarter of 2009.
Additionally, the first quarter of 2011 represented the first full quarter of shipments of batteries and chargers for the Daimler A-Class program. The increase in cost of development services was driven primarily by our activities for the Toyota RAV4 EV program which began in the second half of 2010.
  Gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $18.0 million, an increase from $3.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2010. The increase was driven primarily by the gross profit contributed by our development services revenues which we substantively began to recognize in the second quarter of 2010 and a significant increase in Tesla Roadster sales.  Research and Development Expenses  Research and development expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2011 were $41.2 million, an increase from $13.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The $27.9 million increase in research and development expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2011 consisted primarily of a $10.6 million increase in professional and outside services costs related to Model S engineering, design and testing activities, a $7.5 million increase in materials and prototyping expenses primarily to support our Model S alpha build as well as powertrain development activities, a $5.9 million increase in employee compensation expenses from higher headcount, and a $2.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to a larger number of outstanding equity awards and a higher common stock valuation applied to new grants made in 2010.  During the three months ended March 31, 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. As of March 31, 2010, a development agreement had yet to be finalized and as such, the related development services costs of $0.5 million that we incurred during the three months ended March 31, 2010 were expensed in research and development. In May 2010, we finalized the agreement and began recording the costs associated with this program in cost of revenues.  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  Selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2011 were $24.2 million, an increase from $16.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The $7.6 million increase in our selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2011 consisted primarily of a $3.8 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $1.4 million increase in costs principally related to increased marketing activities, and a $0.9 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business.
Our interest expense is primarily due to our loans under the DOE Loan Facility which we began accessing in 2010. During the three months ended March 31, 2011, we capitalized $0.7 million of interest expense to construction in progress. Although interest expense will increase as we continue to draw down on the DOE Loan Facility to fund our Model S and powertrain activities, we expect to capitalize this interest through 2011.
Other Expense, Net  Other expense, net, during the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $1.5 million, a decrease in expense compared to other expense, net, of $3.2 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The decrease in other expense, net, for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was primarily due to the elimination of warrant liabilities, excluding the DOE warrant liability, after the completion of our IPO, partially offset by a higher charge from the fair value change in our DOE warrant liability during the three months ended March 31, 2011 resulting from a higher stock price.
Our provision for income taxes during the three months ended March 31, 2011 was $0.2 million, compared to $0.1 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The increase for the three months ended March 31, 2011 was due primarily to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions.  Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2008, 2009 and Revenues  Automotive Sales  Automotive sales consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):     Automotive sales during the year ended December 31, 2010 were $97.1 million, a decrease from $111.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. Automotive sales for the year ended December 31, 2010 consisted of $75.5 million of vehicle, options and related sales, and $21.6 million of powertrain component and related sales, compared to $111.6 million of vehicle, options and related sales and $0.4 million of powertrain component and related sales for the year ended December 31, 2009. Automotive sales for the year ended December 31, 2008 were $14.7 million, comprised primarily of sales of the Tesla Roadster which we began to deliver in the fourth quarter of 2008 as well as related zero emission vehicle, or ZEV, credits. Almost all of the revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2008, came from fulfilling reservations placed in prior periods.  During the first three quarters of 2009, we continued to fulfill reservations for the Tesla Roadster and we had made a significant effort to increase our production capacity in order to accelerate deliveries to customers who had been on our waitlist for a significant amount of time. As a result, a significant portion of the revenue recognized during the first three quarters of 2009 came from fulfilling reservations placed prior to 2009. Beginning with the fourth quarter of 2009, sales of the Tesla Roadster began more closely approximating the level of orders placed during the quarter. Consequently, the comparison of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2010 versus the year ended December 31, 2009 may not be meaningful. As such, vehicle, options and related sales for the year ended December 31, 2010 were more reflective of current demand as compared to the prior year. Similarly, ZEV credit sales which are included in vehicle, options and related sales, were higher during the year ended December 31, 2009 as the fulfillment of a significant number of reservations allowed us to sell a larger number of ZEV credits. The year over year decrease in vehicle deliveries was partially offset by higher selling prices from an expanded offering of vehicle options to our customers as well as higher average selling prices outside of the United States.  Powertrain component and related sales were comprised primarily of battery packs and chargers that we delivered to supply Daimler’s Smart fortwo program. We have been selected by Daimler to supply it with up to 2,100 battery packs and chargers to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive. We began delivering and recognizing revenue for these production battery packs and chargers at the end of 2009.
In February 2010, we began offering a leasing program to qualified customers in the United States for the Tesla Roadster. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Tesla Motors Leasing, Inc., qualifying customers are permitted to lease the Tesla Roadster for 36 months, after which time they have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing it for a pre-determined residual value. We account for these leasing transactions as    operating leases and accordingly, we recognize leasing revenues on a straight-line basis over the term of the individual leases. Lease revenues are recorded in vehicle, options and related sales within automotive sales revenue and for the year ended December 31, 2010, we recognized $0.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 14% of the vehicles delivered during the year were under operating leases. As of December 31, 2010, we had deferred revenues of $1.1 million of down payments which will be recognized over the term of the individual leases.  Prior to 2010, most of our revenues had been generated through sales of our vehicles in the United States and we had no revenues from sales outside of the United States prior to the third quarter of 2009.
Our international sales commenced with the launch of the Tesla Roadster in Europe in July 2009 and since then, we have recognized revenue from sales of the Tesla Roadster in additional countries including Canada, Japan and Hong Kong. For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, 55% and 19% of our revenue from vehicle, options and related sales, respectively, were derived outside of the United States. All of our powertrain component and related sales were derived outside of the United States. As we continue to expand into additional new markets, we expect our international automotive sales to increase in aggregate dollar amounts but to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of total revenues.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2010, we started entering into development services arrangements with the expectation that our development services would constitute a viable revenue-generating activity.
We began recognizing development services revenue during the first quarter of 2010 with the development and delivery of modular battery packs for Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation, or Freightliner, an affiliate of Daimler. These battery packs were to be used in electric delivery vans in a limited number of Freightliner’s customer trials. Prior to 2010, compensation that we had received from our first development arrangement with Daimler for battery packs and chargers for its Smart fortwo program was recorded as an offset to research and development expenses. This early arrangement was motivated primarily by the opportunity to engage Daimler and at the same time, jointly progress our own research and development activities with the associated development compensation.  During the first quarter of 2010, Daimler also engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. We began providing development services for this program during the first quarter of 2010 and had received an aggregate of $5.5 million in payments; however, as we had not executed a final agreement related to this program as of March 31, 2010, we deferred the $5.5 million of payments that had been received from Daimler to that point.
In May 2010, we executed a final agreement under which Daimler would make additional payments to us for the successful completion of certain development milestones and the delivery of prototype samples. As of December 31, 2010, we had completed our deliverables under this agreement and for the year ended December 31, 2010, we recognized $14.4 million in development services revenue.  In July 2010, we and Toyota entered into a Phase 0 agreement to initiate development of an electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. Under this early phase development agreement, prototypes would be made by us by combining the Toyota RAV4 model with a Tesla electric powertrain. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we began producing and delivering prototypes to Toyota and recognized $1.0 million in development services revenue.
In October 2010, we entered into a Phase 1 contract services agreement with Toyota for the development of a validated powertrain system, including a battery, power electronics module, motor, gearbox and associated software, which will be integrated into an electric vehicle version of the Toyota RAV4. Pursuant to this agreement, Toyota will pay us up to $60.0 million for the anticipated development services to be provided by us over the expected term of our performance, including a $5.0 million upfront payment that we received upon the    execution of the agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we completed the first milestone and along with the amortization of our upfront payment, we recognized $3.3 million in development services revenue.  Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit  Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $86.0 million, a decrease from $102.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in cost of revenues was driven primarily by the significant number of vehicles delivered during the first three quarters of 2009 from fulfilling customer reservations placed prior to 2009.
In February 2010, we began offering a leasing program to qualified customers in the United States for the Tesla Roadster. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Tesla Motors Leasing, Inc., qualifying customers are permitted to lease the Tesla Roadster for 36 months, after which time they have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing it for a pre-determined residual value. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and accordingly, we record cost of automotive sales equal to the depreciation of the leased vehicles on a straight-line basis over the term of the individual leases. Cost of automotive sales related to leased vehicles was $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2010.  The decrease in cost of revenues from automotive sales for the year ended December 31, 2010 was partially offset by the increase in cost of revenues from development services. Cost of development services includes engineering support and testing, direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs and other development expenses that we incur in the performance of our services under development agreements. During the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. As of March 31, 2010, a development agreement had yet to be finalized and as such, the related development services costs of $0.5 million that we incurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2010 were expensed in research and development. In May 2010, we finalized the agreement and began recording the costs related to this program in cost of revenues.  Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $30.7 million, an increase from $9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase was driven primarily by the gross profit contributed by our development services revenues which we began to recognize in 2010; an expanded offering of vehicle options to our customers; the continued launch of the Tesla Roadster internationally, where in certain markets, we have experienced higher selling prices; and cost improvements associated with the model changeover from the Tesla Roadster to the Tesla Roadster 2 during the second half of 2009. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2010 was also favorably impacted by the fact that certain of the A-Class development services revenue that we recognized during the year ended December 31, 2010 did not have any corresponding cost of revenues, since these costs were recorded in research and development expenses prior to us finalizing the development agreement in May 2010.
 Cost of revenues of $102.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased from $15.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The significant increase in cost of revenues was due to the increase in Tesla Roadster sales from which we began to recognize revenue during the fourth quarter of 2008; higher warranty expense; and the model changeover from the Tesla Roadster to the Tesla Roadster 2 as well as significant part changes implemented to improve the design and reduce per unit costs, for which we recorded charges to cost of revenues in the amount of $1.4 million for excess and obsolete inventory during the year ended December 31, 2009.  Gross loss for the year ended December 31, 2008 was $1.1 million due to the lower average selling prices for our initial vehicles, the high materials and manufacturing costs associated with our first generation Tesla Roadster and limited economies of scale from low vehicle production volumes. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2009 of $9.5 million benefited from higher per unit revenue and reduced manufacturing cost from increased volume and component re-design.
Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2010 were $93.0 million, an increase from $19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. Research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2009 included $23.2 million in Daimler Smart fortwo development compensation which was recorded as an offset to research and development expenses. The $73.7 million increase in research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2010 consisted primarily of a $25.0 million increase in employee cash and stock-based compensation expenses primarily associated with significantly higher headcount to support our Model S and powertrain development activities, the $23.2 million Daimler development compensation offset recognized during the year ended December 31, 2009, a $10.5 million increase in materials and prototyping expenses primarily to support our Model S alpha build as well as powertrain development activities; a $10.7 million increase in professional and outside services costs related to Model S engineering, design and testing activities; and a $1.6 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business, including our transition to our Palo Alto headquarters.
During the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. As of March 31, 2010, a development agreement had yet to be finalized and as such, the related development services costs of $0.5 million that we incurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2010 were expensed in research and development. In May 2010, we finalized the agreement and began recording the costs associated with this program in cost of revenues.
Selling, general and administrative expenses of $42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased from $23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The $18.6 million increase in our selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2009 consisted primarily of an $8.4 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales and marketing headcount to support our opening of additional stores in the United States and Europe, as well as higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business and our efforts to become a public company; a $4.7 million increase in office, information technology and facilities costs to support the growth of our business, including the opening of new stores; a $2.0 million increase in legal services and legal settlements and accounting and other consulting services to support our growth; and a $1.3 million increase in costs principally related to increased marketing activities.
Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $1.0 million, a decrease from $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. Interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2009 was primarily related to our convertible notes which were converted into shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock in May 2009, while interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2010 was primarily due to our loans under the DOE Loan Facility which we began accessing in 2010. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we capitalized $0.8 million of interest expense to assets under construction.
Interest expense of $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased from $3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease in interest expense was due to the conversion of our convertible notes into shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock in May 2009.
Other Expense, Net  Other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $6.6 million, an increase in expense compared to other expense, net, of $1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase in expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 was primarily due to the fair value changes in our warrant liabilities as well as the liability related to common stock warrants to certain of our stockholders which we issued in May 2010, both of which increased significantly in conjunction with the increase in our common stock valuation.  Other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased from $1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase was primarily a result of a $1.8 million increase in foreign currency transaction losses associated with a higher level of foreign currency denominated purchases as well as the strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, partially offset by a $1.6 million decrease in the fair value change of our outstanding convertible preferred stock warrants during the year ended December 31, 2009.  Provision for Income Taxes  Our provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $0.2 million, an increase from the provision for income taxes of $26,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase was due primarily to the launch of the Tesla Roadster in Europe in July 2009 and the ensuing increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions in subsequent periods.
Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2009, we recognized research and development benefits from our foreign operations which decreased our provision for income taxes.
  Our provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased from the provision for income taxes of $0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease was due primarily to the research and development benefits that we recognized in 2009 from our foreign operations.
  Our ability to draw down funds under the DOE Loan Facility is conditioned upon several draw conditions. For the Model S facility, specifically, the draw conditions include our achievement of progress milestones relating to the design and development of the Model S and the Model S manufacturing facility.
Advances under the DOE Loan Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury as of the date of the advance and will be based on the Treasury yield curve and the scheduled principal installments for such advance. Interest on advances under the DOE Loan Facility is payable quarterly in arrears.
Under the DOE Loan Facility, we have committed to pay all costs and expenses incurred to complete the projects being financed in excess of amounts funded under the loan facility. We will be required to maintain, at all times, available cash and cash equivalents of at least 105% of the amounts required to fund this excess over our financing commitment, after taking into account current cash flows and cash on hand, and reasonable projections of future generation of net cash from operations, losses and expenditures. Loans may be requested under the facilities until January 22, 2013, and we have committed to complete the projects being financed prior to such date.  The DOE Loan Facility documents contain customary covenants that include, among others, a requirement that the projects be conducted in accordance with the business plan for such project, compliance with all requirements of the ATVM Program, and limitations on our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, make investments or loans, enter into mergers or acquisitions, dispose of assets, pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock, pay indebtedness, pay management, advisory or similar fees to affiliates, enter into certain affiliate transactions, enter into new lines of business, and enter into certain restrictive agreements, in each case subject to customary exceptions. The DOE Loan Facility documents also contain customary financial covenants requiring us to maintain a minimum ratio of current assets to current liabilities, and (i) through December 15, 2012, a minimum cash balance, and (ii) after December 15, 2012, a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a limit on capital expenditures and, after March 31, 2014, a maximum ratio of total liabilities to shareholder equity. We are currently in compliance with these financial covenants.
On June 28, 2010, our registration statement on Form S-1 relating to our IPO was declared effective by the SEC. The IPO closed on July 2, 2010, at which time we sold 11,880,600 shares of our common stock and received cash proceeds of $188.8 million from this transaction, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. Additionally, we incurred offering costs of $4.4 million related to the IPO.
Concurrent with the closing of our IPO, we sold 2,941,176 shares of our common stock to Toyota in a private placement transaction for aggregate proceeds of $50.0 million.  Panasonic Private Placement  In November 2010, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement with an entity affiliated with Panasonic Corporation (Panasonic) pursuant to which we issued and sold an aggregate of 1,418,573 shares of our common stock for aggregate proceeds of $30.0 million.  Leasing Activities  In February 2010, we began offering a leasing program to qualified customers in the United States for the Tesla Roadster. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Tesla Motors Leasing, Inc., qualifying customers are permitted to lease the Tesla Roadster for 36 months, after which time they have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing it for a pre-determined residual value. During the latter half of 2010, we began offering a leasing alternative in Canada through our Canadian subsidiary.
When compared to our sales of vehicles, our leasing activities will spread the cash inflows that we would otherwise receive upon the sale of a vehicle, over the lease term and final disposition of the leased vehicle. As such, our cash and working capital requirements will be directly impacted and if leasing volume increases significantly, the impact may be material. However, after taking into consideration our current and planned sources of operating cash, our ability to monitor and prospectively adjust our leasing activity, as well as our intent to collect nonrefundable deposits for leased vehicles that are manufactured to specification, we do not believe that our planned leasing operations will materially adversely impact our ability to meet our commitments and obligations as they become due. As we will also be exposed to credit risk related to the timely collection of lease payments from our customers, we intend to utilize our credit approval and ongoing review processes in order to minimize any credit losses that could occur and which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We require deposits from customers electing a lease option for vehicles built to a customer’s specifications on the same timeframe and under the same circumstances as from customers purchasing our vehicles outright. During the three months ended March 31, 2011, approximately 10% of the vehicles delivered during the period were under operating leases. As of March 31, 2011, we had deferred revenues of $1.2 million of down payments which will be recognized over the term of the individual leases. Through March 31, 2011, our leasing activity has not had a significant adverse impact on our liquidity.
A source of our cash flows from operations has been through our receipt of reservation payments from our customers. Reservation payments consist of reservation payments that allow potential customers to hold a reservation for the future purchase of a Tesla Roadster or Model S. We are not currently accepting reservation payments for our Model X crossover vehicle. For our Tesla Roadsters manufactured to specification, our current purchase agreement requires the payment of an initial nonrefundable deposit which varies based on the country of purchase. For the Model S, we require an initial reservation payment of at least $5,000. For vehicles purchased directly from our showrooms, no deposit is required. Prior to the second quarter of 2010, our reservation policy was to accept reservation payments from all customers who wished to purchase a Tesla Roadster and require full payment of the purchase price of the vehicle at the time the customer selected their vehicle specifications. During the second quarter of 2010, we changed our policy to require nonrefundable deposits for Tesla Roadsters manufactured to specification at the time a customer enters into a purchase agreement. However, we also occasionally accept reservation payments for the Tesla Roadster if a customer is interested in purchasing a vehicle but not yet prepared to select the vehicle specifications. For customers who have placed a reservation payment with us, the reservation payment becomes a nonrefundable deposit once the customer has selected the vehicle specifications and enters into a purchase agreement. The full payment of the purchase price of the vehicle is required only upon delivery of the vehicle to the customer. Reservation payments for a vehicle are recorded as a current liability when received. No later than upon the delivery of a vehicle, the reservation payments collected on a customer’s account are applied against the total purchase price of the vehicle. Reservation payments are expected to fluctuate as the number of reservation holders on the Tesla Roadster reservation list decreases, while the number of reservation holders on the Model S reservation list increases.  Summary of Cash Flows     Cash Flows from Operating Activities  We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations as we expand our business and build our infrastructure both in the United States and internationally. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative. Our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
 Net cash used in operating activities was $43.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2011. The largest component of our cash used during this period related to our net loss of $48.9 million, which included non-cash charges of $5.9 million related to stock-based compensation expense, $3.5 million related to depreciation and amortization and $1.4 million related to the fair value change in our warrant liabilities. Significant operating cash outflows were primarily related to $65.4 million of operating expenses, $31.0 million of cost of revenues, a $5.5 million increase in inventory, a $1.5 million increase in operating lease vehicles and a $1.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, partially offset by a $7.7 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
Inventory increased to meet our production requirements for the Tesla Roadster and powertrain component sales while the net increase in accounts payable was due to both the growth of our business and the timing of vendor payments. Operating lease vehicles continued to increase with the introduction of our leasing program in 2010.
  Significant operating cash inflows for the three months ended March 31, 2011 were derived primarily from sales of the Tesla Roadster and powertrain components as well as from development services activity. Significant operating cash inflows were comprised primarily of automotive sales of $33.6 million, $15.4 million of development services revenue and an $8.7 million increase in reservation payments, partially offset by a $13.6 million increase in accounts receivable. The increase in accounts receivable was related primarily to receivables from Toyota for the achievement of two milestones under the Toyota RAV4 Phase 1 contract services agreement.  Net cash used in operating activities was $27.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010. The largest component of our cash used during this period was a net loss of $29.5 million, which included non-cash charges of $3.4 million related to stock-based compensation expense, $2.3 million related to the fair value change in our convertible preferred stock warrant liability and $2.1 million related to depreciation and amortization. Significant operating cash outflows were primarily related to $29.9 million of operating expenses, $17.0 million of cost of revenues, a $5.5 million increase in inventory and a $3.5 million net decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Inventory increased to meet our production requirements while the net decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was driven primarily by the timing of payments. Significant operating cash inflows for the three months ended March 31, 2010 were derived primarily from sales of the Tesla Roadster and powertrain components as well as from development services activity. Cash inflows were $23.9 million comprised primarily of automotive sales of $20.6 million, $0.2 million of development services revenue, a $5.5 million increase in deferred revenues, partially offset by a $2.4 million increase in accounts receivable. In the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. The increase in deferred revenues was primarily driven by payments that we had received from Daimler in relation to this development arrangement for which an agreement had yet to be finalized and therefore, revenue was deferred. The increase in accounts receivable was related primarily to powertrain component sales during the three months ended March 31, 2010 in relation to Daimler’s Smart fortwo program.
Significant operating cash inflows for the year ended December 31, 2009 were derived primarily from the sales of the Tesla Roadster as well as development compensation related to the Daimler development agreement. Cash inflows related to automotive sales activity were $88.5 million comprised of $111.9 million of automotive sales, partially offset by a $22.0 million decrease in refundable reservation payments and a $1.5 million decrease in deferred revenues. The decrease in the refundable reservation payments was due to the launch of the Tesla Roadster during the year ended December 31, 2008. As we continued to deliver the Tesla Roadster to our customers in 2009, we applied the related reservation payments to the respective customers’ purchase cost. Cash inflows from the Daimler development agreement were $13.2 million comprised primarily of $23.2 million of development compensation partially offset by a $10.0 million decrease in deferred development compensation. The decrease in deferred development compensation was the result of the amortization of deferred development compensation that we received during the year ended December 31, 2008.  Net cash used in operating activities was $52.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The largest component of our cash used during this period, was the $82.8 million net loss, which included non-cash charges of $4.3 million related to inventory write-downs, $4.2 million related to depreciation and amortization, $3.7 million related to interest on convertible notes and $2.8 million related to the fair value change in our convertible preferred stock warrant liability, as well as a non-cash gain of $1.2 million from the extinguishment of convertible notes and warrants. Significant operating cash outflows were driven primarily by $77.4 million of operating expenses, $15.9 million of cost of sales, and an $18.8 million increase in inventory, partially offset by an $8.8 million increase in accounts payable and a $2.6 million increase in accrued liabilities. We had increased inventory in anticipation of the commercial introduction of the Tesla Roadster. Accrued liabilities and accounts payable increased primarily due to the significant increase in activities to bring the Tesla Roadster to production.
We benefited from operating cash inflows related to Tesla Roadster reservation activity and our development efforts during the year ended December 31, 2008. Cash inflows derived from Tesla Roadster sales and reservation activity were $29.4 million comprised primarily of $14.7 million of automotive sales, a $10.7 million increase in refundable reservation payments and a $4.1 million increase in deferred revenues. Refundable reservation payments increased reflecting new reservation activity received during the year partially offset by the reservation payments we applied to our customers’ purchase cost as we began delivering Tesla Roadsters during the year ended December 31, 2008. Deferred revenues increased primarily from customer payments we collected for certain Tesla Roadsters that we had delivered but as to which we had unfulfilled obligations related to powertrain upgrades. We received cash from Daimler of $8.6 million for our development efforts during the year ended December 31, 2008 although the amounts were deferred entirely until we executed a final agreement in May 2009, which is reflected in the related increase in deferred development compensation of $10.2 million partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $1.6 million.
Cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in Model S manufacturing, as well as restricted cash that we must maintain in relation to our DOE Loan Facility, facility lease agreements, equipment financing, and certain vendor credit policies.
  Cash provided by financing activities was $28.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2010 and was comprised primarily of the $29.9 million we received from our draw-downs under the DOE Loan Facility, partially offset by $1.6 million of issuance costs we incurred in relation to our DOE Loan Facility and preparation of our IPO.  Cash provided by financing activities was $338.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 comprised primarily of $188.8 million in proceeds from our IPO, $71.8 million we received from our loans under the DOE Loan Facility, $50.0 million in proceeds from the Toyota private placement, $30.0 million in proceeds from the Panasonic private placement, partially offset by $3.7 million of issuance costs we incurred in relation to our DOE Loan Facility and our IPO.
Cash provided by financing activities was $155.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 comprised primarily of $82.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Series E convertible preferred stock, $49.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Series E convertible preferred stock and $25.5 million in proceeds received from the issuance of convertible notes and warrants.  Cash provided by financing activities was $56.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2008 comprised primarily of $54.8 million from the issuance of convertible promissory notes.  Contractual Obligations  The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2011, certain significant cash obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):       (1) Obligations include significant agreements or purchase orders to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, legally binding and where the significant terms are specified. Where a minimum purchase obligation is stipulated, the amounts included in the table reflect the minimum purchase amounts based on the March 31, 2011 exchange rate for the British pound. Purchase obligations that are cancelable without significant penalty, are not included in the table.  In October 2010, we completed the purchase of our Fremont, California manufacturing facility from NUMMI. NUMMI has previously identified environmental conditions at the Fremont site which affect soil and groundwater, and is currently undertaking efforts to address these conditions. Although we have been advised by NUMMI that it has documented and managed the environmental issues, we cannot determine with certainty the potential costs to remediate any pre-existing contamination. Based on management’s best estimate, the fair value of the assumed environmental liabilities is $5.3 million, which is not reflected in the table above as the timing of any potential payments cannot be reasonably determined at this time. As NUMMI continues with its decommissioning activities and as we continue with our planned construction and operating activities, it is reasonably possible that our estimate of environmental liabilities may change materially.  We have reached an agreement with NUMMI under which, over a ten year period, we will pay the first $15.0 million of any costs of any governmentally-required remediation activities for contamination that existed    prior to the completion of the facility and land purchase for any known or unknown environmental conditions, and NUMMI has agreed to pay the next $15.0 million for such remediation activities.
Our agreement provides, in part, that NUMMI will pay up to the first $15.0 million on our behalf if such expenses are incurred in the first four years of our agreement, subject to our reimbursement of such costs on the fourth anniversary date of the closing.  On the ten-year anniversary of the closing or whenever $30.0 million has been spent on the remediation activities, whichever comes first, NUMMI’s liability to us with respect to remediation activities ceases, and we are responsible for any and all environmental conditions at the Fremont site. At that point in time, we have agreed to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NUMMI from all liability and we have released NUMMI for any known or unknown claims except for NUMMI’s obligations for representations and warranties under the agreement.
As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, we held reservation payments of $30.8 million and $39.4 million from potential customers, respectively, which are not reflected in the table above. As of December 31, 2010, we held reservation payments for undelivered Tesla Roadsters in an aggregate amount of $2.5 million and reservation payments for Model S sedans in an aggregate amount of $28.3 million. As of March 31, 2011, we held reservation payments for undelivered Tesla Roadsters in an aggregate amount of $2.1 million and reservation payments for Model S sedans in an aggregate amount of $37.3 million. In order to convert the reservation payments into revenue, we will need to sell vehicles to these customers. All reservation payments for the Model S are fully refundable until such time that a customer enters into a purchase agreement.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  During the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
We believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, or 2010 or for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011.
There can be no assurance that future inflation will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
A portion of our revenues, costs and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011 were denominated in foreign currencies. This is primarily due to the contract with Lotus Cars Limited in the United Kingdom to manufacture the Tesla Roadster vehicles and gliders, and other parts sourced in Europe. In addition, our international sales and marketing operations incur expense denominated in foreign currencies, principally in the British pound, the euro and the Japanese yen.
This cost exposure is partially offset by our recent sales growth in these regions since payments for vehicles sold in these regions are denominated in the local currency. This provides a partial natural hedge to our cost exposure in the United Kingdom and Asia depending on our sales levels in these regions. Our battery cell purchases from Asian suppliers are also subject to currency risk. Although our present contracts are United States dollar based, if the United States dollar depreciates significantly against the local currency, it could cause our Asian suppliers to significantly raise their prices, which could harm our financial results. To date, the foreign currency effect on our cash and cash equivalents has not been significant.
We expect sales of the Tesla Roadster to fluctuate on a seasonal basis with increased sales during the spring and summer months in our second and third fiscal quarters relative to our fourth and first fiscal quarters. We note that, in general, automotive sales tend to decline over the winter season and we anticipate that our sales of the Model S, Model X and other models we introduce may be similarly impacted. However our limited operations history makes it difficult for us to judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our business. We do not expect our powertrain sales to be impacted to a significant extent by seasonality.
  101 BUSINESS  We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles and advanced electric vehicle powertrain components. We own our sales and service network and have operationally structured our business in a manner that we believe will enable us to rapidly develop and launch advanced electric vehicles and technologies. We believe our vehicles, electric vehicle engineering expertise, and operational structure differentiates us from incumbent automobile manufacturers.  We are the first company to commercially produce a federally-compliant electric vehicle, the Tesla Roadster, which achieves a market-leading range on a single charge combined with attractive design, driving performance and zero tailpipe emissions. Our Tesla Roadster offers impressive acceleration and performance without producing any tailpipe emissions. The Tesla Roadster’s proprietary electric vehicle powertrain system is the foundation of our business and, with design enhancements, will also form the basis for our Model S sedan, our Model X crossover, as well as future vehicles. The Model S, which is currently scheduled to begin customer deliveries in mid-2012, is in development with several drivable prototypes already complete. We expect that the Model S will be manufactured with an adaptable platform architecture upon which other future vehicles, including our Model X crossover, will be based. We currently plan to reveal a prototype of the Model X crossover by the end of 2011 followed by the anticipated commercial introduction of this vehicle in the fourth quarter of 2013. We are designing the Model X to incorporate the functionality of a minivan with the consumer appeal of a sports utility vehicle.
In addition to developing our own vehicles, we provide services for the development of electric powertrain components and sell electric powertrain components to other automotive manufacturers. We have provided development services to Daimler AG (Daimler) and are currently selling battery packs and chargers to Daimler for its Smart fortwo and A-Class electric vehicles. We also have a development services agreement to produce a validated electric powertrain system for Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota) for use in its RAV4 EV.  The commercial production of a highway capable, fully electric vehicle that meets consumers’ range and performance expectations required substantial design, engineering, and integration work on almost every system of our Tesla Roadster. Our roots in Silicon Valley have enabled us to recruit engineers with strong skills in electrical engineering, power electronics and software engineering. We have complemented this talent base with automotive engineers with substantial expertise in vehicle engineering and manufacturing. Our ability to combine expertise in electric powertrain and vehicle engineering provides a broad capability in electric vehicle design and systems integration.
Accordingly, we currently intend to target an annual production rate of approximately 20,000 cars per year from our planned manufacturing facility in Fremont, California. The drivable early prototype of the Model S was exhibited to the public in March 2009. As of April 30, 2011, we had received approximately 4,600 customer reservations with a minimum refundable payment of $5,000.  We intend to develop a substantially integrated electric vehicle manufacturing facility in Fremont, California for the manufacture of the Model S and its components. In October 2010, we completed the purchase of this facility from New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI). We intend to use the facility for the production of our Model S vehicle and to build our future electric vehicles. We have entered into a loan agreement with the United States Federal Financing Bank and United States Department of Energy (DOE Loan Facility), to arrange loans for up to $465.0 million, $363.9 million of which is intended for the continued development of the Model S and the build out of our Fremont facility.
  103 The electric powertrain we developed for the Tesla Roadster has provided the foundational technology for our Model S, our future vehicles including the Model X crossover, and for electric powertrain components that we have begun selling to Daimler and its affiliates and that we intend to sell to Toyota. Our electric powertrain consists of the following components: our modular battery pack, our power electronics, gearbox, our motor and control and integration software which enables the components to operate as a system. This component design contains far fewer moving parts than a gasoline powertrain. These features enable us to adapt it for a variety of vehicle applications. Similarly, using the existing Tesla Roadster battery pack, we have worked with Daimler since June 2008 to develop a battery pack and charger for an initial trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive vehicle pilot program. We have expanded this business by developing and selling additional powertrain components to Daimler and Toyota, and have secured $101.2 million of an aggregate $465.0 million from our DOE Loan Facility to fund the infrastructure for these powertrain activities. We believe that our efforts in our powertrain development will enable us to advance our technology and rapidly and cost effectively develop vehicles.  Our battery pack and electric powertrain system has enabled us to deliver market-leading range capability on the Tesla Roadster at what we believe is a compelling battery cost per kilowatt-hour. The battery pack of the Tesla Roadster uses commercially available lithium-ion battery cells and contains 53 kilowatt-hours of usable energy, almost double the energy of any other commercially available electric vehicle battery pack, thereby significantly increasing its range capability. Designing an electric powertrain and a vehicle to exploit its energy efficiency has required extensive safety testing and innovation in battery packs, motors, powertrain systems and vehicle engineering. Our proprietary technology includes cooling systems, safety systems, charge balancing systems, battery engineering for vibration and environmental durability, customized motor design and the software and electronics management systems necessary to manage battery and vehicle performance under demanding real-life driving conditions. These technology innovations have resulted in an extensive intellectual property portfolio—as of March 31, 2011, we had 35 issued patents and approximately 207 pending patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and internationally in a broad range of areas.
We are designing our vehicles to enable the cost effective development of our future vehicles. First, our battery pack is based on commodity battery cells placed in modules that we believe will form the basis of later generations of our battery packs, such as those we are developing for the Model S. Second, we use upgradeable software extensively for managing vehicle performance and the driver experience. Finally, we are designing a common platform architecture for the Model S, which compactly positions the battery pack, motor and other elements of our powertrain within the frame of the vehicle. We believe this architecture will form the basis of several future vehicles, including our planned Model X crossover vehicle, and enable us to efficiently and cost effectively launch these new vehicle models in the future.
Our design and vehicle engineering capabilities, combined with the technical advancements of our powertrain system, have enabled us to design and develop zero tailpipe emission vehicles that we believe overcome the design, styling, and performance issues that we believe have historically limited broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles. As a result, we believe our Tesla Roadster customers enjoy, and Model S customers will enjoy, several benefits, including:      •    Long Range and Recharging Flexibility. The range of the Tesla Roadster is almost double the range of any other commercially available electric vehicle. We are designing the Model S to offer an even greater range option. In addition, the Tesla Roadster incorporates our proprietary on-board charging system, permitting recharging from almost any available electrical outlet, and we are designing the Model S to offer fast charging capability from higher power electrical outlets. We believe the long-range and charging flexibility of our vehicles will help reduce consumer anxiety over range, alleviate the need for expensive, large-scale charging infrastructure, and differentiate our vehicles as compared to our competitors’ currently announced electric vehicle product offerings.
•    Energy Efficiency and Cost of Ownership. We believe our Tesla Roadster offers and our Model S will offer consumers an attractive cost of ownership when compared to similar internal combustion engine or hybrid electric vehicles. Using only a single electric powertrain enables us to create a lighter, more    energy efficient vehicle that is mechanically simpler than currently available hybrid or internal combustion engine vehicles. For example, assuming a 245 mile range of the Tesla Roadster, an average electricity cost of 11.2 cents per kilowatt-hour and an average gasoline price of $3.21 per gallon, which were the average residential electricity cost and the gasoline price in the United States for February 2011 as reported by the U.S.
Energy Information Administration of the U.S. Department of Energy, the cost per mile to fuel the Tesla Roadster is approximately 75% less than the cost to fuel the 2009 Porsche 911 Carrera, which has an EPA mileage rating of 18 miles per gallon city and 25 miles per gallon highway. Furthermore, we expect our electric vehicles will have lower relative maintenance costs than hybrid, plug-in hybrid, or internal combustion engine vehicles due to fewer moving parts and the absence of certain components, including oil, oil filters, spark plugs and engine valves. Additionally, government incentives that are currently available can reduce the cost of ownership even further.
•    High-Performance Without Compromised Design or Functionality. We believe we have been able to successfully overcome the design and performance tradeoff issues that encumbered most early electric vehicle designs. We believe the Tesla Roadster delivers an unparalleled driving experience with instantaneous and sustained acceleration through an extended range of speed. In addition, our Model S is being designed to seat five adults, provide best in class storage in the trunk and hood while offering design and performance comparable to, or better than, other premium sedans.
We currently design, manufacture and sell the Tesla Roadster, our first production vehicle. We are designing our second vehicle, the Model S, and currently plan to begin production of the Model S in mid-2012. We intend to design the Model S with an adaptable platform architecture and common electric powertrain so that we can use the platform of the Model S to create future electric vehicles, including our Model X crossover, targeting additional segments of the passenger vehicle market.  The Tesla Roadster  Our first vehicle, the Tesla Roadster, is the first high-performance electric sports car. The two-seat, convertible Tesla Roadster has a combination of range, style, performance and energy efficiency that we believe is unmatched in the market today. As of March 31, 2011, we had delivered approximately 1,650 Tesla Roadsters to customers in over 31 countries, almost all of which were sold to customers in North America and Europe. To date, our customers have driven the Tesla Roadster for an estimated aggregate of over 11.0 million miles. The Tesla Roadster complies with, or is exempt from, all applicable vehicle safety standards in the United States, the European Union as well as select other countries. Additionally, we have met battery shipping and testing protocols of the United Nations, United States Department of Transportation and other government agencies, allowing us to ship the Tesla Roadster to a number of countries throughout the world.  The current effective price of the base configuration of the Tesla Roadster is $101,500 in the United States, assuming and after giving effect to the continuation of a currently available United States federal tax credit of $7,500 for the purchase of alternative fuel vehicles. The Tesla Roadster offers performance characteristics that we believe are among the best in the industry. It can accelerate from zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.9 seconds and has a maximum speed of approximately 120 miles per hour. We believe the Tesla Roadster’s lightweight and proprietary electric powertrain provides significant performance advantages over traditional internal combustion engine-powered sports cars. Specifically, the electric powertrain that delivers peak torque (in excess of 200 foot pounds) at extremely low revolutions per minute, or rpm, and remains near peak through 7,000 rpm of the 13,000 rpm range enables the Tesla Roadster to achieve its high levels of acceleration. With such a long and flat torque curve, we believe the Tesla Roadster delivers a compelling driving experience with instantaneous and sustained acceleration through an extended range of speed.
  107 Model X and Future Vehicle Roadmap Based on Model S Platform  We expect that the Model S will be manufactured with an adaptable platform architecture and common electric powertrain so that we can use the platform of the Model S to create future electric vehicle models, such as a crossover/sport utility vehicle, a van or a cabriolet. In particular, by designing our electric powertrain within the chassis to accommodate different vehicle body styles, we believe that we can save significant time in future vehicle development. In addition, we believe our strategy of using commercially available battery cells will enable us to leverage improvements in cell chemistries and rapidly introduce planned vehicles with different range options. Our design of the Model S, however, is not complete and we may make changes to the design of the Model S, including changes that may make it more difficult to use the Model S platform for future vehicles.  In 2011, we publicly announced the Model X crossover as the first vehicle we intend to develop by leveraging the Model S platform. We currently plan to reveal a prototype of the Model X crossover by the end of 2011 followed by the anticipated commercial introduction of this vehicle in the fourth quarter of 2013. We are designing the Model X to incorporate the functionality of a minivan with the consumer appeal of a sports utility vehicle. We anticipate that we will make the Model X available with three range variants, with pricing of each variant similar to those of the Model S. We currently intend to target an annual production rate of approximately 10,000 -15,000 cars per year from our manufacturing facility in Fremont, California.  We have also publicly announced our intent to develop a third generation electric vehicle to be produced at our planned manufacturing facility in Fremont, California. We intend to offer this vehicle at a lower price point and expect to produce it at higher volumes than our Model S. We expect that this vehicle will be produced a few years after the introduction of the Model X crossover.
In addition to our own vehicles, we also design, develop, manufacture and sell advanced electric vehicle powertrain components.  In May 2009, we entered into a development agreement with Daimler under which we performed specified research and development services for the development of a battery pack and charger for Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric drive. All development work related to the development agreement had been completed as of December 31, 2009. We have been selected by Daimler to supply it with up to 2,100 battery packs and chargers to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive. We began shipping the first of these battery packs and chargers in November 2009.  In the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. A formal agreement for this arrangement was entered into with Daimler in May 2010. In October 2010, we completed the development of the A-Class battery pack and charger and began shipping production components for a demonstration fleet in February 2011. Production for both the Smart fortwo and A-Class EV programs is expected to continue through 2011.  In the first quarter of 2010, we completed the development and sale of modular battery packs for electric delivery vans for Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation (Freightliner), an affiliate of Daimler. Freightliner plans to use these electric vans in a limited number of customer trials.
The first function is accomplished through the drive inverter, which converts direct current (DC) from the battery pack into alternating current (AC) to drive our three-phase induction motors. The drive inverter also converts the AC generated by regenerative braking back into DC for electrical storage in the battery pack. The drive inverter performs this function by using a high-performance digital signal processor which runs some of the most complicated and detailed software in the vehicle. In so doing, the drive inverter is directly responsible for the performance, high efficiency and overall driving experience of the vehicle. For example, the power electronics in the 2010 Tesla Roadster Sport is capable of delivering approximately 900 amps of electrical current in a matter of milliseconds, enabling the rapid acceleration of the vehicle. We are continuing to make advancements in the drive inverter. We expect that the Model S drive inverter, for example, will be able to deliver approximately 1,000 amps of current at better efficiency and lower cost as compared to the Tesla   110 Roadster drive inverter. In addition, we are also designing the drive inverter to integrate more directly with other components of the powertrain, reducing cost and size while improving packaging efficiency.  The second function, charging the battery pack, is accomplished by the charger, which converts alternating current (usually from a wall outlet or other electricity source) into direct current which can be accepted by the battery. The charger enables us to use any available source of power to charge our vehicle. Our vehicles can recharge on any electrical outlet from a common outlet of 15 amps and 120 volts all the way up to a high power outlet of 70 amps and 240 volts, which provides faster recharging.  Since the Tesla Roadster charger system is built into the vehicle, it is possible to charge the vehicle using a variety of power outlets. Charging the Tesla Roadster battery pack to full capacity will take approximately 7 hours using a 240 volt, 40 amp outlet that is widely available in many homes in the United States for electric appliances. A high power connection capable of 240 volts and 70 amps reduces this charging time to about 4.5 hours.
Such a connection can be installed in many homes with the assistance of a qualified electrician. For additional flexibility, the Tesla Roadster battery pack can also be charged with a 120 volt, 15 amp connection. Using this lower power output, the Tesla Roadster battery pack can be charged to full capacity in about 42 hours. This flexibility in charging provides customers with additional mobility, while also allowing them to conveniently charge the vehicle overnight at home.
Additionally, our team has expertise in lightweight materials, a very important characteristic for electric vehicles given the impact of mass on range. The Tesla Roadster is built with an internally-designed carbon fiber body which provides a balance of strength and mass. We intend to build the Model S with a lightweight aluminum body and have been designing the body and chassis with a variety of materials and production methods that will help optimize the weight of the vehicle. We intend to develop a substantially integrated electric vehicle manufacturing facility in Fremont, California to assemble vehicles and manufacture components that are critical to our intellectual property and quality of the Model S. Our engineering and manufacturing teams are working alongside one another in an effort to accelerate the Model S development. We believe the co-location of our engineering and manufacturing teams will help accelerate the development of new products and allow for faster introduction of product changes.  As of March 31, 2011, we had 135 employees in our vehicle design and engineering departments.
  113 Marketing  Our principal marketing goals are to:      •    generate demand for our vehicles and drive leads to our sales teams;      •    build long-term brand awareness and manage corporate reputation;      •    manage our existing customer base to create loyalty and customer referrals; and      •    enable customer input into the product development process.  As the first company to commercially produce a federally-compliant, fully electric vehicle that achieves market-leading range on a single charge, we have been able to generate significant media coverage of our company and our vehicles, and we believe we will continue to do so. To date, media coverage and word of mouth have been the primary drivers of our sales leads and have helped us achieve sales without traditional advertising and at relatively low marketing costs. We also use traditional means of advertising including product placement in a variety of media outlets and pay-per-click advertisements on websites and applications relevant to our target demographics.
The strength of our brand has been highlighted by independent authorities. For example, in November 2009, Advertising Age selected us as one of “America’s hottest brands” in a special report highlighting the year’s 50 top brands.  Our marketing efforts include events where our vehicles are displayed and demonstrated. These events range from widely attended public events, such as the Detroit, Los Angeles, and Frankfurt auto shows, to smaller events oriented towards sales, such as private drive events.  As of March 31, 2011, we had 122 employees in our sales and marketing department.
Company-Owned Service and Warranty  Service  Service of our electric vehicles takes place at most of our Tesla stores. Going forward, we intend to build separate sales and service locations in several markets. Within countries that are covered by our warranty agreement, we offer at home service through our mobile service technicians known as the Tesla Rangers. We charge customers a fixed rate per mile for our Tesla Rangers technicians’ return trip from the location of the customer’s vehicle to the nearest Tesla store. For customers that are not covered by our warranty agreement, we offer at home service at a higher cost.  Tesla owners can upload data from their vehicle and send it to us on a memory card or via an on-board GSM system, allowing us to diagnose and remedy many problems before ever looking at the vehicle. When maintenance or service is required, a customer can schedule service by contacting one of our regional Tesla stores. Our Tesla Rangers can perform an array of procedures at a remote location, from annual inspections and firmware upgrades to full replacement of a power electronics module and other mechanical and electrical components. If service is more extensive and requires a vehicle lift, we can coordinate shipping of vehicles to and from the nearest Tesla store.  We believe that our company-owned service enables our technicians to work closely with our engineers and research and development teams in Silicon Valley to identify problems, find solutions, and incorporate improvements faster than incumbent automobile manufacturers.
 As of March 31, 2011, we had 82 employees in our service department.
  114 New Vehicle Limited Warranty Policy  We provide a three year or 36,000 miles New Vehicle Limited Warranty with every Tesla Roadster, which we extended to four years or 50,000 miles for the purchasers of our 2008 Tesla Roadster. Customers have the opportunity to purchase an Extended Service Plan for the period after the end of the New Vehicle Limited Warranty to cover additional services for an additional three years or 36,000 miles, whichever comes first. The New Vehicle Limited Warranty is similar to other vehicle manufacturer’s warranty programs and is intended to cover all parts and labor to repair defects in material or workmanship in the body, chassis, suspension, interior, electronic systems, battery, powertrain and brake system. Exceptions to the New Vehicle Limited Warranty include wear items such as tires, brake pads and rotors, paint wear and tear, interior wear and tear and battery performance.  Battery Replacement Option  While battery failure due to defects in material or workmanship is included in the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, battery performance, specifically its ability to store electricity over time, is not covered in either the New Vehicle Limited Warranty or the Extended Service Plan. However, within three months of purchasing a vehicle, customers may purchase a one-time option to replace the battery pack at any time after the expiration of the New Vehicle Limited Warranty but before the tenth anniversary of the purchase date of the vehicle. For customers that select this option, we agree to replace the original battery of the vehicle with a replacement battery which will store at least 53 kilowatt-hours of usable energy. Charges in addition to the option purchase price apply if the customer exercises the battery replacement option prior to the seventh anniversary of the purchase date of the vehicle. The customer is entitled to a partial refund of the option purchase price if the option is not elected by the eighth anniversary of the purchase date of the vehicle.
We currently use a multi-site manufacturing process for production of the Tesla Roadster and plan to transition to our planned substantially integrated site for production of the Model S and future vehicles in Fremont, California. The initial body and chassis assembly processes for our Tesla Roadster occur at a Lotus Cars Limited (Lotus) facility in Hethel, England where our staff works closely with Lotus. For vehicles destined for the United States, we ship the rolling chassis, which does not contain our electric powertrain and which we call a glider, to our final assembly facility in Menlo Park, California. At our Menlo Park location, we install the full electric vehicle powertrain and perform a pre-delivery inspection prior to shipping the Tesla Roadster to customers. For European and Asian deliveries, the full vehicle is assembled on-line at the Lotus facility and pre-delivery inspection occurs at a nearby Tesla facility in Wymondham, England. Pursuant to the supply agreement with Lotus, we are obligated to purchase 2,400 vehicles or gliders over the term of the agreement. We currently intend to manufacture gliders with Lotus for our current generation Tesla Roadster until December 2011. We intend to use these gliders in the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster to both fulfill orders placed in 2011 as well as new orders placed in 2012 until our supply of gliders is exhausted. Accordingly, we intend to offer a limited number of Tesla Roadsters for sale in 2012. To the extent we wish to sell additional Tesla Roadsters with the Lotus gliders beyond those we have contracted for, we will need to negotiate a new or amended supply agreement with Lotus. As of March 31, 2011 we had delivered approximately 1,650 vehicles to customers.  We intend to develop a substantially integrated electric vehicle manufacturing facility in Fremont, California to manufacture components that are critical to our intellectual property and quality of the Model S, including stamping, plastics, body assembly, paint operations, battery pack manufacturing, final vehicle assembly and end-of-line testing. Certain major component systems will be purchased from suppliers. We currently intend to target an annual production rate at this facility for the Model S of approximately 20,000 cars per year. We believe that we will be able to increase the annual production capacity of this plant beyond this amount through additional capital spending as well as by changing operating patterns and adding additional shifts.
  115 Powertrain Component Manufacturing  In addition to developing our Model S and future vehicle manufacturing facility in Fremont, California, we are currently designing and manufacturing lithium-ion battery packs, electric motors, gearboxes and components both for our vehicles and for our original equipment manufacturer customers in our electric powertrain manufacturing facility in Palo Alto, California.
Specifically, at the Palo Alto facility:      •    Motor. We manufacture our induction motors. We have operated our own manufacturing facility in part to protect the proprietary technology we developed for our motor.      •    Battery Packs. We assemble the Tesla Roadster, Daimler Smart fortwo electric drive, and Daimler A-Class battery packs.
•    Power Electronics. We manufacture chargers for the Daimler Smart fortwo and the Daimler A-Class. The Tesla Roadster power electronics module, or PEM, is manufactured based on our design by a contract manufacturer located in Taiwan.      •    Gearbox. We manufacture the Tesla Roadster gearbox.  We intend to develop our electric powertrain component and systems business and have secured a $101.2 million loan under our DOE Loan Facility for the expansion of our engineering and production capability for these activities in our Palo Alto facility. We intend to manufacture the powertrain components for the Model S and for the Toyota RAV 4 EV at this facility and at our planned Fremont manufacturing facility.
The Tesla Roadster uses over 2,000 purchased parts which we source globally from over 150 suppliers, many of whom are currently our single source suppliers for these components. We have developed close relationships with several key suppliers particularly in the procurement of cells and certain electric powertrain components. While we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, similar to other automobile manufacturers, many of the components used in our vehicles are purchased by us from a single source. We refer to these component suppliers as our single source suppliers. To date, we have not qualified alternative sources for most of the single sourced components used in our vehicles and we generally do not maintain long-term agreements with our single source suppliers. For example, while several sources of the battery cell we have selected for the Tesla Roadster, Daimler Smart fortwo and Daimler A-Class EV are available, we have fully qualified only one supplier for these cells. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such vendor could temporarily disrupt production of the vehicles until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified and there can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully retain alternative suppliers on a timely basis. Moreover, battery cell manufactures may not supply us at reasonable prices or on reasonable terms or may choose to refuse to supply electric vehicle manufacturers to the extent they determine that the vehicles are not sufficiently safe.  While we believe that we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our single source components, we may be unable to do so in the short term or at all at prices or costs that are favorable to us. In particular, while we believe that we will be able to secure alternate sources of supply for almost all of our single sourced components on a relatively short time frame, qualifying alternate suppliers or developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of the Tesla Roadster, such as the carbon fiber body panels, which are supplied to us by Sotira 35, a unit of Sora Composites Group.  In addition, Lotus is the only manufacturer for certain components, such as the chassis of our Tesla Roadster, and we refer to it as a sole source supplier. We do not currently utilize any sole source suppliers other than Lotus. Replacing the components from Lotus that are sole sourced may require us to reengineer our vehicles, which would be time consuming and costly.
  116 We are currently designing and sourcing components for the Model S that will leverage world-class automotive suppliers. We plan to leverage our relationships with Daimler and Toyota to access their supply bases and gain access to some low cost, high quality parts.
We use various raw materials in our business including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber, non-ferrous metals such as copper, as well as nickel and cobalt. The prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials. We believe that we have adequate supplies or sources of availability of the raw materials necessary to meet our manufacturing and supply requirements. There are always risks and uncertainties, however, with respect to the supply of raw materials that could impact their availability in sufficient quantities or reasonable prices to meet our needs.
We have implemented enterprise resource planning and management software to automate our procurement and inventory processes and integrate them with our financial accounting. We plan additional investment in our management systems to support further growth in our operations.  Quality Control  Our quality control efforts are divided between product quality and supplier quality, both of which are focused on designing and producing products and processes with high levels of reliability. Our product quality engineers work with our engineering team and our suppliers to help ensure that the product designs meet functional specifications and durability requirements. Our supplier quality engineers work with our suppliers to ensure that their processes and systems are capable of delivering the parts we need at the required quality level, on time, and on budget. Our quality systems engineers create and manage our systems, such as configuration management and corrective action systems, to help ensure product developers, supplier chain managers, and production controllers have the product information they need.  As of March 31, 2011, we had 280 employees in our manufacturing department.
We currently sell our cars primarily to individual customers. We have strategic or commercial relationships with Daimler, Toyota, Panasonic and Lotus. We intend to expand our business by developing and selling additional powertrain components to Daimler, Toyota and other third party OEMs, and have secured a $101.2 million loan under our DOE Loan Facility to fund the infrastructure these activities.
Beginning in 2008, we commenced efforts on a powertrain development arrangement with Daimler. In May 2009, we entered into a development agreement with Daimler under which we have performed specified research and development services for the development of a battery pack and charger for Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric drive. All development work related to the development agreement had been completed as of December 31, 2009. We have been selected by Daimler to supply it with approximately 2,100 battery packs and chargers to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive. We began shipping the first sets of these battery packs and chargers in November 2009. In the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. A formal agreement for this arrangement was entered into with Daimler in May 2010. In October 2010, we completed the development of the A-Class battery pack and charger and began shipping production parts in February 2011. Production for both the Smart fortwo and A-Class programs is expected to continue through 2011. In the first quarter of 2010, we completed the development and sale of modular battery packs for electric delivery vans for Freightliner, an affiliate of Daimler. Freightliner plans to use these electric vans in a limited number of customer trials.
  117 In addition to the development agreement described above, we have entered into an exclusivity and intellectual property agreement (EIP Agreement) with Daimler North America Corporation (DNAC), an affiliate of Daimler, in which we agreed to begin negotiating in good faith to enter into further agreements within certain strategic cooperation areas, including technology collaboration in various electric powertrain areas, automotive engineering support, joint electric vehicle development efforts and access to component parts for Tesla designed products. Under this EIP Agreement, we agreed that, until November 11, 2009, we would not negotiate or enter into any agreements with other parties that would be competitive with the arrangements contemplated for these strategic cooperation areas, unless the results of such arrangement would be marketed solely under the Tesla brand. As of that date, we had not executed any further agreements with Daimler in the areas of strategic cooperation.
  118 Toyota Motor Corporation  In May 2010, we and Toyota announced our intention to cooperate on the development of electric vehicles, and for us to receive Toyota’s support with sourcing parts and production and engineering expertise for the Model S. In July 2010, we entered into an early phase agreement to develop an electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. With an aim by Toyota to market the electric vehicle in the United States in 2012, prototypes would be made by combining the Toyota RAV4 model with a Tesla electric powertrain. We began developing and delivering prototypes to Toyota for evaluation in September 2010. Pursuant to the agreement, Toyota will pay us up to $9 million for the anticipated development services to be provided by us over the expected term of our performance.  In connection with the Toyota RAV4 program, in October 2010, we entered into a Phase 1 contract services agreement with Toyota for the development of a validated powertrain system, including a battery, power electronics module, motor, gearbox and associated software, which will be integrated into an electric vehicle version of the Toyota RAV4. Pursuant to the agreement, Toyota will pay us up to $60 million for the anticipated development services to be provided by us over the expected term of our performance. We expect to complete the development services in the fourth quarter of 2011 or the first quarter of 2012. Toyota anticipates bringing the RAV4 EV to market in the United States in 2012, and we are negotiating with Toyota to finalize a separate agreement to supply production parts for that project; however, no agreement has yet been executed and there are no assurances that we will be able to enter into any such agreement. In addition to these agreements, in July 2010, we sold 2,941,176 shares of our common stock to Toyota at our IPO price of $17.00 per share.  Panasonic  Panasonic is the supplier of cells for one of our current battery packs. In January 2010, we announced that we were collaborating with Panasonic on the development of next-generation electric vehicle cells based on the 18650 form factor and nickel-based lithium ion chemistry. In November 2010, we sold 1,418,573 shares of our common stock to an entity affiliated with Panasonic Corporation at a price of $21.15 per share, which was the average of the trading highs and lows of our common stock from October 25 to October 29, 2010.
Lotus currently provides us with assembly and other manufacturing services. Although we complete the final assembly of our Tesla Roadster, the initial body and chassis assembly processes occur at a Lotus facility in Hethel, England where our staff works closely with Lotus. For vehicles destined for the United States, we ship the glider to our final assembly facility in Menlo Park, California. For European and Asian deliveries, the full vehicle is assembled on-line at the Lotus facility and pre-delivery inspection occurs at a Tesla facility in Wymondham, England. Pursuant to the supply agreement with Lotus, we are obligated to purchase 2,400 vehicles or gliders over the term of the agreement.
If we are unable to meet this volume requirement, we are still responsible for payment to Lotus of the lesser of the sum of the actual costs incurred and an agreed upon profit margin per vehicle up to the minimum volume requirement or £5,400,000. We currently intend to manufacture gliders with Lotus for our current generation Tesla Roadster until December 2011. We intend to use these gliders in the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster to both fulfill orders placed in 2011 as well as new orders placed in 2012 until our supply of gliders is exhausted. Accordingly, we intend to offer a limited number of Tesla Roadsters for sale in 2012. We currently anticipate that sales of the Tesla Roadster in North America will end by the end of 2011 or shortly thereafter. As of March 31, 2011 we had delivered approximately 1,650 vehicles to customers.  Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations  United States Department of Energy Loans  On January 20, 2010, we entered into a loan facility with the Federal Financing Bank (FFB) and the United States Department of Energy (DOE), under the DOE’s Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, as set forth in Section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (ATVM Program).
  119 We refer to such loan facility as the DOE Loan Facility. Under the DOE Loan Facility, FFB has made available to us two multi-draw term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to $465.0 million and the DOE has agreed to reimburse FFB for any liabilities, losses, costs or expenses incurred by FFB with respect to the term loan facilities. Up to an aggregate principal amount of $101.2 million will be made available under the first term loan facility to finance up to 80% of the costs eligible for funding under the ATVM Program for the powertrain engineering and the build-out of a facility to design and manufacture lithium-ion battery packs, electric motors and electric components (the Powertrain Facility). Up to an aggregate principal amount of $363.9 million will be made available under the second term loan facility to finance up to 80% of the costs eligible for funding under the ATVM Program for the development of, and to build out the manufacturing facility for, our Model S sedan (the Model S Facility). Under the DOE Loan Facility, we are responsible for the remaining 20% of the costs eligible for funding under the ATVM Program for the projects as well as any cost overruns for each project. The costs paid by us to date for the Powertrain Facility and the Model S Facility will be applied towards our obligation to contribute 20% of the eligible project costs, and the DOE’s funding of future eligible costs will be adjusted to take this into account. Our remaining obligations for the development and build-out of our manufacturing facility for the Model S, is budgeted to be an aggregate of $33 million, plus any cost overruns for the projects. We have paid for the full 20% of the budgeted costs related to our Powertrain Facility, but will continue to be responsible for cost overruns.
Our ability to draw down funds under the DOE Loan Facility is conditioned upon several draw conditions. For the Model S Facility, the draw conditions include our achievement of progress milestones relating to the design and development of the Model S and the Model S manufacturing facility. We will be required to maintain, at all times, available cash and cash equivalents of at least 105% of the amounts required to fund such commitment, after taking into account current cash flows and cash on hand, and reasonable projections of future generation of net cash from operations, losses and expenditures.
 Loans may be requested under the facilities until January 22, 2013, and we have committed to complete the projects being financed prior to such date. On the closing date, we paid a facility fee to the DOE in the amount of $0.5 million. Through March 31, 2011, we have received draw downs under the DOE Loan Facility for an aggregate of $102.5 million, with interest rates ranging from 1.7% to 3.4%, for eligible project costs under both projects that we have incurred from December 15, 2008 through February 28, 2011.  Advances under the DOE Loan Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury as of the date of the advance, and will be based on the Treasury yield curve and the scheduled principal installments for such advance. Interest on advances under the DOE Loan Facility is payable quarterly in arrears. Advances under the Powertrain Facility are repayable in 28 equal quarterly installments commencing on December 15, 2012 (or, for advances made after such date, in 26 equal quarterly installments commencing on June 15, 2013). All outstanding amounts under the Powertrain Facility will be due and payable on the maturity date of September 15, 2019. Advances under the Model S Facility are repayable in 40 equal quarterly installments commencing on December 15, 2012 (or, for advances made after such date, in 38 equal quarterly installments commencing on June 15, 2013). All outstanding amounts under the Model S Facility will be due and payable on the maturity date of September 15, 2022. Advances under the loan facilities may be voluntarily prepaid at any time at a price determined based on interest rates at the time of prepayment for loans made from the Secretary of the Treasury to FFB for obligations with an identical payment schedule to the advance being prepaid, which could result in the advance being prepaid at a discount, at par or at a premium. The loan facilities are subject to mandatory prepayment with net cash proceeds received from certain dispositions, loss events with respect to property and other extraordinary receipts.
All obligations under the DOE Loan Facility are secured by substantially all of our property. All of our existing and future domestic subsidiaries will also be required to guaranty our obligations under the DOE Loan Facility. Our existing and future foreign subsidiaries may, under certain circumstances, be required to guaranty our obligations under the loan facility. Any such guarantees by existing and future subsidiaries will be secured by substantially all of the property of such subsidiaries.
Regulation—Vehicle Safety and Testing  Our vehicles are subject to, and the Tesla Roadster complies with, or is exempt from, numerous regulatory requirements established by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), including all applicable United States federal motor vehicle safety standards (FMVSS). As a manufacturer, we must self-certify that a vehicle meets or otherwise obtain an exemption from all applicable FMVSSs, as well as the NHTSA bumper standard, before the vehicle can be imported into or sold in the United States. There are numerous FMVSSs that apply to our vehicles. Examples of these requirements include:      •    Crash-worthiness requirements—including applicable and appropriate level of vehicle structure and occupant protection in frontal, side and interior impacts including through use of equipment such as seat belts and airbags which must satisfy applicable requirements;    •    Crash avoidance requirements—including appropriate steering, braking and equipment requirements, such as, headlamps, tail lamps, and other required lamps, all of which must conform to various photometric and performance requirements;      •    Electric vehicle requirements—limitations on electrolyte spillage, battery retention, and avoidance of electric shock following specified crash tests;      •    Windshield defrosting and defogging—defined zones of the windshield must be cleared within a specified timeframe; and      •    Rearview mirror requirements—rearward areas that must be visible to the driver via the mirrors.
  124 Regulation—Battery Safety and Testing  Our battery pack conforms with mandatory regulations that govern transport of “dangerous goods” that may present a risk in transportation, which includes lithium-ion batteries. The governing regulations, which are issued by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) are based on the UN Recommendations on the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods Model Regulations, and related UN Manual Tests and Criteria. The regulations vary by mode of transportation when these items are shipped such as by ocean vessel, rail, truck, or by air.
We have completed the applicable transportation tests for our prototype and production battery packs demonstrating our compliance with the UN Manual of Tests and Criteria, including:      •    Altitude simulation—simulating air transport;      •    Thermal cycling—assessing cell and battery seal integrity;      •    Vibration—simulating vibration during transport;      •    Shock—simulating possible impacts during transport;      •    External short circuit—simulating an external short circuit; and      •    Overcharge—evaluating the ability of a rechargeable battery to withstand overcharging (this test was performed on the battery pack we provided for Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric drive but was not performed on the battery pack for the Tesla Roadster).  The cells in our battery packs are composed mainly of lithium metal oxides. The cells do not contain any lead, mercury, cadmium, or other hazardous materials, heavy metals, or any toxic materials. In addition, our battery packs include packaging for the lithium-ion cells. This packaging includes trace amounts of various hazardous chemicals whose use, storage and disposal is regulated under federal law. We currently have an agreement with a third party battery recycling company to recycle our battery packs. If a customer wishes to dispose of a battery pack from one of our vehicles, we anticipate accepting the depleted battery from the customer without any additional charge.
State law regulates the manufacture, distribution and sale of automobiles, and generally requires motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed. We are registered as both a motor vehicle manufacturer and dealer in the states of California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois and Washington, and we are licensed as a motor vehicle dealer in the state of New York. We are similarly licensed in the District of Columbia as an EV retail store.
 To the extent possible, we plan to secure dealer licenses (or the equivalent of a dealer license) and engage in activities as a motor vehicle dealer in other states as appropriate and necessary as we open additional Tesla stores. Some states, such as Texas, do not permit automobile manufacturers to be licensed as dealers or to act in the capacity of a dealer. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we are not licensed as a dealer, to the extent permitted by local law, both the actual sale and all activities related to the sale would generally have to occur out of state. In this scenario, it is possible that activities related to marketing, advertising, taking orders, taking reservations and reservation payments, and delivering vehicles could be viewed by a state as conducting unlicensed activities in the state or otherwise violating the state’s motor vehicle industry laws. Regulators in these states may require us to hold and meet the requirements of appropriate dealer or other licenses and, in states in which manufacturers are prohibited from acting as dealers, may otherwise prohibit or impact our planned activities.  In jurisdictions where we do not have a Tesla store, a customer may try to purchase our vehicles over the internet. However, some states, such as Kansas, have laws providing that a manufacturer cannot deliver a vehicle to a resident of such state except through a dealer licensed to do business in that state which may be interpreted    125 to require us to open a store in the state of Kansas in order to sell vehicles to Kansas residents. Such laws may be interpreted to require us to open a store in such state before we sell vehicles to residents of such states. In some states where we have opened a viewing “gallery” that is not a full retail location, it is possible that a state regulator could take the position that activities at our gallery constitute an unlicensed motor vehicle dealership and thereby violates applicable manufacturer-dealer laws. Although we would prefer that a state regulator address any concerns by discussing such concerns with us and requesting voluntary compliance, a state could also take action against us, including levying fines or requiring that we refrain from certain activities. In addition, some states have requirements that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles sold in the state, which may be interpreted to also require that service facilities be available with respect to vehicles sold over the internet to residents of the state thereby limiting our ability to sell vehicles in states where we do not maintain service facilities.
Furthermore, while we have performed an analysis of the principal laws in the European Union relating to our distribution model and believe we comply with such laws, we have not performed a complete analysis in all foreign jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles. Accordingly, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our vehicle reservation practices or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time.
  126 In addition to licensing laws, specific laws and regulations in each of the states (and their interpretation by regulators) may limit or determine how we sell, market, advertise, and otherwise solicit sales, take orders, take reservations and reservation payments, deliver, and service vehicles for consumers and engage in other activities in that state. While we have performed an analysis of laws in certain jurisdictions in which we have Tesla stores, we have not performed a complete analysis in all jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles. Accordingly, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered that may restrict our vehicle reservation practices or other business practices.  Competition  Competition in the automotive industry is intense and evolving. We believe the impact of new regulatory requirements for occupant safety and vehicle emissions, technological advances in powertrain and consumer electronics components, and shifting customer needs and expectations are causing the industry to evolve in the direction of electric-based vehicles. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets include but are not limited to:      •    technological innovation;      •    product quality and safety;      •    service options;      •    product performance;      •    design and styling;      •    product price; and      •    manufacturing efficiency.  We believe that our vehicles compete in the market both based on their traditional segment classification as well as based on their propulsion technology. Within the electric-based vehicle segment, there are three primary means of powertrain electrification which will differentiate various competitors in this market:      •    Electric Vehicles are vehicles powered completely by a single on-board energy storage system (battery pack or fuel cell) which is refueled directly from an electricity source. Both the Tesla Roadster and the Model S are examples of electric vehicles.      •    Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles are vehicles powered by both a battery pack with an electric motor and an internal combustion engine which can be refueled both with traditional petroleum fuels for the engine and electricity for the battery pack. The internal combustion engine can either work in parallel with the electric motor to power the wheels, such as in a parallel plug-in hybrid vehicle, or be used only to recharge the battery, such as in a series plug-in hybrid vehicle like the Chevrolet Volt.      •    Hybrid Electric Vehicles are vehicles powered by both a battery pack with an electric motor and an internal combustion engine but which can only be refueled with traditional petroleum fuels as the battery pack is charged via regenerative braking, such as used in a hybrid electric vehicle like the Toyota Prius.
The worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. Prior to the introduction of the Nissan Leaf in December 2010, no mass produced performance highway-capable electric vehicles were being sold in the United States. In Japan, Mitsubishi has been selling its electric iMiEV since April 2010. We expect additional competitors to enter the United States and Europe within the next several years, and as they do so, we expect that we will experience significant competition. With respect to our Tesla Roadster, we currently face strong competition from established automobile manufacturers, including manufacturers of high-performance vehicles, such as Porsche and Ferrari. In addition, upon the launch of our Model S sedan, we will face competition from existing and future automobile manufacturers in the extremely competitive premium sedan market, including Audi, BMW, Lexus and Mercedes.
  127 Many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle market. For example, Nissan introduced the Nissan Leaf, a fully electric vehicle in December 2010 and Ford has announced that it plans to introduce an electric vehicle in 2011. In addition, several manufacturers, including General Motors, Toyota, Ford, and Honda are each selling hybrid vehicles, and certain of these manufacturers have announced plug-in versions of their hybrid vehicles. For example, in December 2010, General Motors introduced the Chevrolet Volt, which is a plug-in hybrid vehicle that operates purely on electric power for a limited number of miles, at which time an internal combustion engine engages to recharge the battery.
  128 Facilities  Our corporate headquarters and powertrain production operations are based in Palo Alto, California. We have a lease with Stanford University for 350,000 square feet which expires in January 2016 and houses our headquarters and powertrain activities. The Palo Alto facility serves as our production facility for the electric vehicle components we utilize in the Tesla Roadster and for our powertrain component and systems development and sales.
 In May 2010, we entered into an agreement to purchase an existing automobile production facility located in Fremont, California from NUMMI, which is a joint venture between Toyota, and Motors Liquidation Company, the owner of selected assets of General Motors. In October 2010, we completed the purchase and received title to the facility and land. The total cash paid was $42.0 million. The purchase totals 210 acres, or approximately 55% of the land at the site, and includes all of the manufacturing facilities located thereon totaling approximately 5.4 million square feet. We intend to use the facility and manufacturing assets for the production of our Model S vehicle and to build our future vehicles. We are currently in an early stage of planning and building out this facility. We are required to comply with environmental regulations in connection with our Model S manufacturing facility in Fremont, California. In October 2010, we and NUMMI amended the May 2010 purchase agreement to include the transfer to us of certain operating permits, or emission credits, for additional consideration of $6.5 million. We completed the transfer of these permits in October 2010.  Outside of our Fremont, California facility, we do not currently own any of our facilities. The following table sets forth the location, approximate size and primary use of our significant leased facilities:     Location(1)    Approximate Size(Building) inSquare Feet       Primary Use    Lease ExpirationDate  Palo Alto, California      350,Administration, engineering services and manufacturing services    January Hawthorne, California      132,Vehicle engineering and design services    December Maidenhead, United Kingdom      8,Administration, sales, service and marketing services    November (1) We also lease a number of facilities for our retail locations around the world, most of which are 5,000 square feet or smaller, and we are leasing building space at Lotus’ facilities in the United Kingdom for administration.  We anticipate that the build out of both our Palo Alto facility and our Model S manufacturing facility in Fremont, California will be partially financed by our DOE Loan Facility.  We currently intend to add new facilities or expand our existing facilities as we add employees and expand our production organization. We believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate our foreseeable future expansion.  Legal Proceedings  From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of business activities.
In addition, from time to time, third parties may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us in the form of letters and other forms of communication. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our results of operations, prospects, cash flows, financial position and brand.
  129 MANAGEMENT  Executive Officers and Directors  The following table sets forth information about our executive officers and directors as of May 19, 2011:  The names of Tesla’s executive officers, their ages, their positions with Tesla and other biographical information as of March 31, 2011, are set forth below. Except for Messrs. Elon Musk and Kimbal Musk who are brothers, there are no other family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.     Name    Age       Position  Elon Musk      Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect, Chairman of the Board  Deepak Ahuja      Chief Financial Officer  Jeffrey B. Straubel      Chief Technology Officer  Gilbert Passin      Vice President, Manufacturing  George Blankenship      Vice President, Sales and Ownership Experience  Eric S. Whitaker      General Counsel and Secretary  H.E. Ahmed Saif Al Darmaki      Director  Brad W. Buss (1)(2)(3)      Director  Ira Ehrenpreis (2)(3)      Director  Antonio J. Gracias (1)(2)(3)(4)      Director  Stephen T. Jurvetson (1)      Director  Herbert Kohler      Director  Kimbal Musk      Director   (1) Member of Audit Committee  (2) Member of Compensation Committee  (3) Member of Nominating and Governance Committee  (4) Lead Independent Director  Elon Musk has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October 2008 and as Chairman of our board of directors since April 2004. Mr. Musk has also served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chairman of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, a company which is developing and launching advanced rockets for satellite and eventually human transportation, since May 2002, and as Chairman of SolarCity, a solar installation company, since July 2006. Prior to joining Space Exploration Corporation, Mr. Musk co-founded PayPal, an electronic payment system, which was acquired by eBay in October 2002, and Zip2 Corporation, a provider of Internet enterprise software and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. Mr. Musk holds a B.A. in physics at the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. in business from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  We believe that Mr. Musk possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors, including the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief Executive Officer, one of our founders and our largest stockholder, which brings historic knowledge, operational expertise and continuity to our Board of Directors.  Deepak Ahuja has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2008.
Prior to joining us, Mr. Ahuja served in various positions at Ford Motor Company from August 1993 to July 2008, most recently as the Vehicle Line Controller of Small Cars Product Development from July 2006 to July 2008, and as Chief Financial Officer    130 for Ford of Southern Africa from February 2003 to June 2006. Mr. Ahuja also served as the Chief Financial Officer for Auto Alliance International, a joint venture between Ford and Mazda, from September 2000 to February 2003. Mr. Ahuja holds an M.S.I.A. (which was subsequently redesignated as an M.B.A.) from Carnegie Mellon University, a M.S. in materials engineering from Northwestern University and a Bachelors degree in ceramic engineering from Banaras Hindu University in India.  Jeffrey B. Straubel has served as our Chief Technology Officer since May 2005 and previously served as our Principal Engineer, Drive Systems from March 2004 to May 2005. Prior to joining us, Mr. Straubel was the Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of Volacom Inc., an aerospace firm which designed a specialized high-altitude electric aircraft platform, from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Straubel holds a B.S. in energy systems engineering from Stanford University and a M.S. in engineering, with an emphasis on power electronics, microprocessor control and energy conversion, from Stanford University.  Gilbert Passin has served as our Vice President, Manufacturing since January 2010. Prior to joining us, Mr. Passin served in various positions at Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America, an automobile manufacturer, from 2005 to January 2010 most recently as a General Manager of Production Engineering for West Coast and previously as a Vice President of Manufacturing, running both large scale production of the Corolla and Matrix models as well as production of the Lexus RX350 at the Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Cambridge plant. Mr. Passin also served as a Vice President and General Manager of Volvo Trucks North America at the New River Valley Plant, an automobile manufacturer, from 2002 to 2005 as well as Vice President and General Manager of Mack Trucks Inc. at the Winnsboro Assembly Facility from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Passin holds a National Engineering Degree from Ecole Centrale de Paris.  George Blankenship has served as our Vice President, Sales & Ownership Experience since July 2010. From March 2009 to June 2010, Mr. Blankenship served as a real estate consultant for Microsoft Corporation. From May 2000 to September 2006, he served as Vice President, Real Estate for Apple Computer. Between June 1980 and June 2000, Mr. Blankenship served in various positions with GAP, Inc., most recently as Vice President, Retail Strategy. Mr. Blankenship attended the University of Delaware from 1971 until 1974.  Eric S.
Whitaker has served as our general counsel since October 2010. From October 2007 to October 2010, Mr. Whitaker served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Avalanche Technology. From December 1999 to July 2006, he served in various positions at Lexar Media, Inc. most recently as Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. From October 1995 to December 1999, Mr. Whitaker was an attorney with Latham & Watkins.
Mr. Whitaker holds a B.A. in politics from Princeton University and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.
H.E. Ahmed Saif Al Darmaki has been a member of our Board of Directors since September 2009. Mr. Al Darmaki currently serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Abu Dhabi National Energy Company PJSC (TAQA), which is a publicly listed global energy sector company on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. From September 1999 to December 2010, Mr. Al Darmaki was Planning & Development Director of Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority, which manages the generation, transmission and distribution of water and electricity in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. Mr. Al Darmaki holds a B.S. in business administration and finance from United Arab Emirates University and an M.B.A. from the Zayed University.  We believe that Mr. Al Darmaki possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors, including his experience with both international public and private companies and his experience in the energy sector.  Brad W. Buss has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 2009. Since August 2005, Mr. Buss has been Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ: CY), a semiconductor design and manufacturing company.
Prior to joining Cypress, Mr. Buss served as Vice President of Finance at Altera Corp., a semiconductor design    131 and manufacturing company, from March 2000 to March 2001 and from October 2001 to August 2005. From March 2001 to October 2001, Mr. Buss served as the Chief Financial Officer of Zaffire, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of optical networking equipment. Mr. Buss holds a B.S. in economics from McMaster University and an honors business administration degree, majoring in finance and accounting, from the University of Windsor.
 We believe that Mr. Buss possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors and to serve as chair of our audit committee, including his executive experience and his financial and accounting expertise with both public and private companies.  Ira Ehrenpreis has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 2007. Mr. Ehrenpreis has been with Technology Partners, a venture capital firm, since 1996. He is presently a managing member of the firm and leads Technology Partners’ Cleantech practice. In the venture capital community, he serves on the Board of the National Venture Capital Association and the Western Association of Venture Capitalists and is the Co-Chairman of the VCNetwork, an organization comprising more than 1,000 venture capitalists. In the cleantech sector, he has served on several industry boards, including the American Council on Renewable Energy and the Cleantech Venture Network (Past Chairman of Advisory Board), and has been the Chairman of the Clean-Tech Investor Summit in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. Mr. Ehrenpreis holds a B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. and M.B.A. from Stanford University.  We believe that Mr. Ehrenpreis possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors and serve as chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee and chair of our compensation committee, including his experience in the cleantech and venture capital industries.
Antonio J. Gracias has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 2007 and has served as our Lead Independent Director since September 2010. Since 2003, Mr. Gracias has been Chief Executive Officer of Valor Management Corp., a private equity firm. Mr. Gracias holds a joint B.S. and M.S. degree in international finance and economics from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School.  We believe that Mr. Gracias possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors, including his management experience with a nationally recognized private equity firm and his operations management and supply chain optimization expertise.  Stephen T. Jurvetson has been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2009. Since 1995, Mr. Jurvetson has been a Managing Director of Draper Fisher Jurvetson, a venture capital firm. Mr. Jurvetson is a director of NeoPhotonics Corporation, Synthetic Genomics Inc. and Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, among others. Mr. Jurvetson holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Business School.  We believe that Mr. Jurvetson possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors, including his experience in the venture capital industry and his years of business and leadership experience.  Herbert Kohler has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 2009.
Since 1976, Dr. Kohler has served in various positions at Daimler AG (Daimler), an automobile manufacturer, most recently as Vice President of Group Research & Advanced Engineering e-drive & Future Mobility and Chief Environmental Officer since April 2009. In August 2006, Dr. Kohler was appointed head of Daimler’s Group Research & Advanced Engineering Vehicle and Powertrain. From October 2000 to August 2006, Dr. Kohler served as vice president for Daimler’s Body and Powertrain Research. Dr. Kohler holds a Diploma and Ph.D. in engineering from Stuttgart University.
  132 We believe that Dr. Kohler possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors, including his management experience with a multinational automobile manufacturer, his experience in advanced vehicle technologies and his general strategic and operational experience in the automobile industry.
 Kimbal Musk has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 2004. Since June 2006, Mr. Musk has been Chief Executive Officer of OneRiot, Inc., an internet software company based in Boulder, Colorado. Since January 2004, Mr. Musk has been the owner of The Kitchen, a USA Today Top Ten restaurant. In November 1995, Mr. Musk co-founded Zip2 Corporation, a provider of enterprise software and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. Mr. Musk holds a B.Comm. in business from Queen’s University and is a graduate of The French Culinary Institute in New York City.
With respect to Mr. Gracias, the Board specifically considered:      •    Mr. Gracias is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Valor Management Corp. (VMC). VMC funds are a minority investor in Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX). Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman, is also the Chief Executive Officer and a significant stockholder of SpaceX.
•    The Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003 is a limited partner of Valor Equity Partners, L.P. and Valor Equity Partners II, L.P., which are advised by VMC, with a subscription commitment of $2.0 million in each fund out of a total of $120.0 million and $303.5 million, respectively.      •    Ops Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of VMC, and Mr. Gracias is the President of Ops Corp. During fiscal 2010, the Board considered that an employee of Ops Corp. provided services directly to Tesla and Tesla paid Ops Corp. less than $100,000 for such services rendered.  The Board of Directors has concluded that none of the foregoing relationships would impede the exercise of independent judgment by Mr. Gracias.
With respect to Mr. Jurvetson, the Board of Directors specifically considered:      •    Mr. Jurvetson is a managing director of Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ). DFJ is a significant stockholder of SpaceX and Mr. Jurvetson is a director of SpaceX.      •    DFJ is a significant stockholder of SolarCity Corporation, a private company of which Elon Musk is the Chairman. In January 2011, Tesla entered into a professional services agreement with SolarCity under which Tesla would subcontract a variety of design, engineering and consulting services to the California Public Utilities Commission on behalf of SolarCity.
•    The Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003 is a limited partner of Draper Fisher Jurvetson Fund X, L.P., with a subscription commitment of $250,000.  The Board of Directors has concluded that none of the foregoing relationships would impede the exercise of independent judgment by Mr. Jurvetson.  With respect to Mr. Ehrenpreis, the Board of Directors specifically considered:      •    Mr. Ehrenpreis is a minority investor in SpaceX.  The Board of Directors has concluded that the foregoing relationship would not impede the exercise of independent judgment by Mr. Ehrenpreis.  Board Leadership Structure  Elon Musk has served as Chief Executive Officer since October 2008 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2004. We have had a Lead Independent Director since 2010, and the current Lead Independent Director is Antonio J. Gracias, the Chief Executive Officer of Valor Management Corporation. The Board of Directors believes that its current leadership structure, in which the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Musk, together with a Lead Independent Director with broad authority, is   134 appropriate at this time and provides the most effective leadership for Tesla in a highly competitive and rapidly changing technology industry. In addition, our corporate governance policies and practices provide for oversight of Tesla’s business and senior management by experienced independent directors and minimize any potential conflicts that may result from combining the positions of Chairman and CEO. The Board believes that an important component of the Board’s leadership structure is having an effective Lead Independent Director in place with broad authority to direct the actions of the independent directors and regularly communicate with the CEO. The role of Lead Independent Director is currently held by Mr. Gracias, who has been a director of Tesla since May 2007 and was appointed as the Lead Independent Director in September 2010. As Lead Independent Director, among other things, Mr. Gracias:      •    prepares the agenda and approves materials for meetings of the independent directors;      •    consults with the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman regarding Board meeting agendas, schedules and materials;      •    communicates with the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman;      •    acts as a liaison between the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and the independent directors when appropriate;      •    raises issues with management on behalf of the independent directors;      •    annually reviews, together with the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board’s performance during the prior year; and      •    serves as the Board’s liaison for consultation and communication with shareholders as appropriate.
In addition, the board has three standing committees—Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance, which are each further described below. Each of the board committees is comprised solely of independent directors, and each committee has a separate chair. Our independent directors generally meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting, and at such other times as necessary or appropriate as determined by the independent directors. In addition, on an annual basis, as part of our governance review and succession planning, the Board of Directors (led by the Nominating and Governance Committee) evaluates our leadership structure to ensure that it remains the optimal structure for Tesla.  Board Role in Risk Oversight  The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the major risks facing the Company while management is responsible for assessing and mitigating the Company’s risks on a day-to-day basis. In addition, the Board has delegated oversight of certain categories of risk to the Audit and Compensation Committees. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management significant financial and nonfinancial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor, control and report such exposures. The Compensation Committee oversees management of risks relating to the Company’s compensation plans and programs. In performing their oversight responsibilities, the Board and Audit Committee periodically discuss with management the Company’s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Audit and Compensation Committees report to the Board as appropriate on matters that involve specific areas of risk that each Committee oversees.  Employee Compensation Risks  Tesla’s management and the Compensation Committee have assessed the risks associated with Tesla’s compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers. Based on the results of this assessment, Tesla does not believe that its compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Tesla.
  135 Board Meetings and Committees  During fiscal 2010, the Board of Directors held eight (8) meetings. Other than Messrs. Al Darmaki and Kohler, each of the directors attended or participated in 75% or more of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board of Directors on which he served during the past fiscal year. The Board of Directors has three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee.  Audit Committee  The Audit Committee, which has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, currently consists of Messrs. Buss, Gracias and Jurvetson, each of whom is “independent” as such term is defined for audit committee members by the listing standards of NASDAQ.
Mr. Buss is the chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Buss is an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in the rules of the SEC.
The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things:      •    reviewing and approving the selection of Tesla’s independent auditors, and approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by Tesla’s independent auditors;      •    monitoring the integrity of Tesla’s financial statements and Tesla’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters;      •    reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of Tesla’s internal control policies and procedures;      •    discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent auditors and reviewing with management and the independent auditors Tesla’s interim and year-end operating results; and      •    preparing the audit committee report that the SEC requires in Tesla’s annual proxy statement.
The Audit Committee held seven (7) meetings during fiscal 2010. The Audit Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Tesla’s website at: http://ir.teslamotors.com/governance.cfm.
The Compensation Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Buss, Ehrenpreis and Gracias, each of whom qualifies as an independent director under the listing standards of NASDAQ. Mr. Ehrenpreis is the chairperson of the Compensation Committee.  The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things:      •    overseeing Tesla’s compensation policies, plans and benefit programs;      •    reviewing and approving for Tesla’s executive officers: the annual base salary, the annual incentive bonus, including the specific goals and amount, equity compensation, employment agreements, severance arrangements and change in control arrangements, and any other benefits, compensations or arrangements;      •    preparing the compensation committee report that the SEC requires to be included in Tesla’s annual proxy statement; and      •    administering Tesla’s equity compensation plans.  The Compensation Committee held four (4) formal meetings and met at least six (6) other times during fiscal 2010. The Compensation Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Tesla’s website at: http://ir.teslamotors.com/governance.cfm.
  136 Nominating and Governance Committee  The Nominating and Governance Committee currently consists of Messrs. Buss, Ehrenpreis and Gracias, each of whom qualifies as an independent director under the listing standards of NASDAQ. Mr. Ehrenpreis is the chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee.  The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things:      •    assisting the Board of Directors in identifying prospective director nominees and recommending nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders to the board of directors;      •    reviewing developments in corporate governance practices and developing and recommending governance principles applicable to the Board of Directors;      •    reviewing the succession planning for Tesla’s executive officers;      •    overseeing the evaluation of Tesla’s Board of Directors and management; and      •    recommending members for each Board committee to the Board of Directors.
The Nominating and Governance Committee held four (4) formal meetings and met at least six (6) other times during fiscal 2010.
The Nominating and Governance Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Tesla’s website at: http://ir.teslamotors.com/governance.cfm.
None of the members of our compensation committee is an officer or employee of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee.
  137 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers for 2010 should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth below.
The actual amount and form of compensation and the compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from current or planned programs as summarized in this discussion.
Compensation Philosophy—Introduction  We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles and advanced electric vehicle powertrain components. To achieve these goals, we designed, and intend to modify as necessary, our compensation and benefits program and philosophy, to attract, retain and incentivize talented, deeply qualified, and committed executive officers that share our philosophy and desire to work toward these goals. We believe compensation incentives for such executive officers should promote the success of our company and motivate them to pursue corporate objectives, and above all should be structured so as to reward clear, easily measured performance goals that closely align the executive officers’ incentives with the long-term interests of stockholders.  In recent years, we have successfully navigated a wide variety of difficult operational and financial challenges and undergone several periods of rapid change that have directly affected the compensation structure of our executive team. The compensation offered to our senior executive officers has historically varied significantly as a result of these circumstances. Subsequently, we have sought to harmonize the compensation structures of senior executive officers and other employees to conform to our overall compensation philosophy.  Our current compensation programs reflect our startup origins in that they consist primarily of salary and stock options for senior executive officers. Consistent with our historical compensation philosophy, except as noted below, we do not currently provide our senior executive officers or other employees with any form of a cash bonus program or any severance provisions providing for continued salary or other benefits upon termination of an executive officer’s employment with us or other equity-based compensation, other than option grants. In certain limited cases, we have granted an executive up to 12 months vesting acceleration of certain stock options in the event of a termination of employment following a change of control. To date, we have not formally benchmarked our compensation program against any group of peer companies.
Additionally, as our needs evolve, we intend to continue to evaluate our philosophy and compensation programs as circumstances require, and at a minimum, we will review executive compensation annually. We anticipate making new equity awards and adjustments to the components of our executive compensation program in connection with our yearly compensation review, which will be based, in part, upon the market analysis performed by Compensia, Inc., a compensation advisory firm, that may include benchmarking against a peer group of companies to be determined in the future and the recommendations to the Compensation Committee by our Chief Executive Officer (CEO).  Fiscal 2010 Compensation Overview  Our financial and business highlights for fiscal 2010 include the following:      •    2010 revenues were $116.7 million as compared with revenues of $111.9 million reported in the prior year and 2010 gross margin improved to 26%, up from 9% for 2009.      •    Tesla completed its IPO in which it raised approximately $188.8 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions.
  •    The first Model S alpha prototype was completed on schedule. Tesla showcased its advanced vehicle engineering capabilities by showing a unique expanded view of the Model S “body-in-white” at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit in January 2011.      •    Tesla purchased the manufacturing operations located at the former New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI) facility for $42 million and over $17 million of manufacturing equipment and spare parts from NUMMI and Toyota, all of which was acquired at significant discounts compared to new equipment. The equipment will be used in the Tesla Factory in Fremont, the purchase of which closed in October 2011. The facility will become the future home of Model S production, the derivatives on the Model S platform including the company’s planned Model X crossover vehicle, and Tesla’s planned next generation of high volume, mass-market electric vehicles.      •    Daimler increased its orders for the battery pack and charger for the Smart fortwo electric drive from 1,000 sets to 1,800 sets. The fourth quarter of 2010 represented the third quarter in a row in which Tesla delivered a record number of battery packs and chargers for the Smart fortwo electric drive program. Having completed the development of the battery and charger for the Daimler A-class electric vehicle, Tesla is currently delivering production components.      •    Toyota and Panasonic both made strategic investments in Tesla of $50 million and $30 million, respectively. In addition, Toyota and Tesla entered into agreements for the development of an integrated powertrain system to be installed in the Toyota RAV4 EV. Tesla and Panasonic are continuing their development of next generation battery cells designed specifically for electric vehicles.
 As described in more detail below and in the compensation tables that follow this compensation discussion and analysis, our compensation structure applicable to our named executive officers did not change significantly during fiscal 2010:      •    Our CEO continues to work for an annual base salary of $33,280, consistent with minimum wage requirements under California law, and still accepts only $1 in salary.      •    Our other executive officers’ salaries increased by a range of 4.0% to 17.1% in order to align them more closely with comparable post-IPO companies.      •    Our compensation program is still predominantly in the form of stock options, including performance-based awards, designed to promote long-term stockholder interests.      •    We have no cash bonus program for any of our named executive officers.
•    We have limited severance provisions providing for continued salary or other benefits upon termination of an executive officer’s employment with us.  Role of the Compensation Committee in Setting Executive Compensation  The Compensation Committee has overall responsibility for recommending to our Board of Directors the compensation of our CEO and determining the compensation of our other executive officers. Members of the Compensation Committee are appointed by the Board of Directors. Currently, the Compensation Committee consists of three members of the Board, Messrs. Buss, Ehrenpreis, and Gracias, none of whom are executive officers of the Company, and Messrs. Buss, Ehrenpreis and Gracias each qualify as (i) an “independent director” under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, and (ii) an “outside director” under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). See the section entitled “Corporate Governance—Board Meetings and Committees—Compensation Committee.”  Role of Compensation Consultant  The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage the services of outside consultants to assist it making decisions regarding the establishment of the Company’s compensation programs and philosophy. The    139 Compensation Committee retained Compensia as its compensation consultant in 2009 to advise the Compensation Committee in matters related to CEO compensation and director compensation. The Compensation Committee assisted in an analysis of executive officer compensation in 2010.  Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions  For executive officers other than our CEO, the Compensation Committee has historically sought and considered input from our CEO regarding such executive officers’ responsibilities, performance and compensation. Specifically, our CEO recommends base salary increases and equity award levels that are used throughout our compensation plans, and advises the Compensation Committee regarding the compensation program’s ability to attract, retain and motivate executive talent. These recommendations reflect compensation levels that our CEO believes are qualitatively commensurate with an executive officer’s individual qualifications, experience, responsibility level, functional role, knowledge, skills, and individual performance, as well as our company’s performance. Our Compensation Committee considers our CEO’s recommendations, but may adjust up or down as it determines in its discretion, and approves the specific compensation for all the executive officers. All such compensation determinations are largely discretionary.
Our Compensation Committee meets in executive session, and our CEO generally does not attend Compensation Committee meetings or discussions where recommendations are made regarding his compensation. He is not present during Compensation Committee deliberations or votes on his compensation and also abstains from voting in sessions of the Board of Directors where the Board of Directors acts on the Compensation Committee’s recommendations regarding his compensation.  Chief Executive Officer Compensation  In developing compensation recommendations for the CEO, the Compensation Committee has sought both to appropriately reward the CEO’s previous and current contributions and to create incentives for the CEO to continue to contribute significantly to successful results in the future. Our CEO, Elon Musk, continues to work for an annual base salary of $33,280, consistent with minimum wage requirements under California law, and he is subject to income taxes based on such base salary. Mr. Musk, however, currently only accepts $1 per year for his services. Prior to December 2009, Mr. Musk also did not receive any equity compensation for his services over a period of five years. In addition to serving as the CEO since October 2008, Mr. Musk has contributed significantly and actively to us since our earliest days in April 2004 by recruiting executives and engineers, contributing to the Tesla Roadster’s engineering and design, raising capital for us and bringing investors to us, and raising public awareness of the Company. Further, Mr. Musk has served, and continues to serve, as our Chief Product Architect.  As part of its review of our executive compensation prior to our IPO, the Compensation Committee requested summary data from Compensia concerning ranges of compensatory equity ownership levels as a percentage of the company by CEOs who have played a significant role in the founding and early stage growth of technology companies. This review included an assessment of founder ownership data in late-stage, pre-IPO companies of similar size and capital to us and founder ownership data of a broad sampling of technology companies at the time of the IPO. The data presented to the Compensation Committee by Compensia analyzed the total beneficial ownership of founder CEOs immediately prior to the IPO. It was noted that the vast majority of these CEOs acquired their equity through compensatory equity grants as opposed to preferred stock acquired via personal investment as was the case with Mr. Musk.  Based on its judgment, a review of competitive market ownership data, and its view that compensation should be tied to clear, measurable performance goals that would best align Mr. Musk with stockholder interests, the Compensation Committee recommended, and in December 2009, the Board adopted a compensation approach for Mr. Musk which provides compensation primarily through stock options designed to promote long-term stockholder interests.
  140 Among the accomplishments achieved during Mr. Musk’s involvement that the Compensation Committee felt deserved recognition, the Compensation Committee considered our successful launch of the Tesla Roadster in 2008, the extension of sales to Europe in 2009, our early success in building a well-recognized worldwide brand, and our success in fundraising during the 2008-2009 time period, when despite difficult external conditions, we raised equity financing and entered into the DOE Loan Facility, together totaling more than $500 million.
In recognition of these achievements and to create incentives for future success, the Compensation Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors approved a grant to Mr. Musk of 3,355,986 options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.63 per share representing 4% of our fully-diluted share base prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, with  1/4th of the shares subject to the option vesting immediately, and  1/48th of the shares subject to the option scheduled to vest each month thereafter over the next three years, assuming Mr. Musk’s continued service to us through each vesting date.  In addition, to create incentives for the attainment of clear performance objectives around a key element of our current business plan—the successful launch and commercialization of the Model S—the Compensation Committee recommended and the Board of Directors approved on December 4, 2009, an additional grant to Mr. Musk of 3,355,986 options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.63 per share totaling an additional 4% of our fully-diluted shares prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of performance objectives as follows, assuming Mr. Musk’s continued service to us through each vesting date:      •     1/4 of the shares subject to the option scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Engineering Prototype (Alpha);      •     1/4 of the shares subject to the option scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Vehicle Prototype (Beta);      •     1/4 of the shares subject to the option scheduled to vest upon the completion of the first Model S Production Vehicle; and      •     1/4 of the shares subject to the option scheduled to vest upon the completion of 10,000th Model S Production Vehicle.
The milestones for this option award were designed to reward Mr. Musk for company-based performance goals that align Mr. Musk’s compensation with the long-term interests of stockholders and the United States Department of Energy. The milestones were set at levels that are attainable and critical to our success. If Mr. Musk does not meet one or more of the above milestones prior to the fourth anniversary of the date of the grant he will forfeit his right to the unvested portion of the option. The first milestone—the successful completion of the Model S engineering prototype (alpha build)—was completed in December 2010 and approved by the Board of Directors in January 2011; as of the date of this filing, it is the only milestone to have been met.  Elements of Compensation  Our current executive compensation program, which was set by our Compensation Committee, consists of the following components:      •    base salary;      •    equity-based incentives;      •    severance and change of control benefits; and      •    other benefits.  We combine these elements in order to formulate compensation packages that provide competitive pay, reward achievement of financial, operational and strategic objectives and align the interests of our named executive officers and other senior personnel with those of our stockholders.
  141 Base Salary  We provide base salary to our named executive officers and other employees to compensate them for services rendered on a day-to-day basis during the fiscal year. The following table sets forth information regarding the base salary for fiscal year 2010 and 2011 for our named executive officers:       (1) Mr. Musk’s salary is based on minimum wage requirements under California law and he is subject to income taxes based on such base salary. Mr. Musk, however, currently only accepts $1 per year for his services. Under California law, Mr. Musk is entitled to the portion of the base salary that he does not receive each year.
(2) Mr. Ahuja’s base salary was increased from $300,000 to $325,000 effective August 1, 2010.
(3) Mr. Straubel’s base salary was increased from $205,000 to $240,000 effective August 1, 2010.
(4) Mr. Blankenship’s base salary was increased from $300,000 to $325,000 effective August 1, 2010.
(5) Mr. Whitaker joined us as our General Counsel in October 2010.  Our Compensation Committee is responsible for setting our CEO’s and other executives’ base salaries. The base salaries of all executive officers are reviewed annually and adjusted when necessary to reflect individual roles and performance and the competitive market. The completion of key projects or technical milestones is also a factor in salary determinations. Because we typically do not provide bonuses to our executive officers, we also view salary as a key motivation and reward for our executives’ overall performance. In January 2011, the Compensation Committee discussed our named executive officers’ annual performance reviews and increased the base salaries of Messrs.
Straubel, Ahuja and Blankenship as part of the company’s annual merit increases and to keep such executive officers’ base salaries consistent with those of officers performing comparable jobs at comparable public companies.
Mr. Whitaker’s base salary was set in connection with his appointment as our General Counsel and reflects his experience, qualifications, the scope of his role, competitive pay practices and prevailing market conditions, internal pay consistency, and retention incentives.  Equity-Based Incentives  Our equity award program is the primary vehicle for offering long-term incentives to our named executive officers. Our equity-based incentives have historically been granted in the form of options to purchase shares of our common stock, including the grant of options at the commencement of employment for the majority of our current named executive officers. We believe that equity grants align the interests of our named executive officers with our stockholders, provide our named executive officers with incentives linked to long-term performance and create an ownership culture. In addition, the vesting feature of our equity grants contributes to executive retention because this feature provides an incentive to our named executive officers to remain in our employ during the vesting period. To date, we have not had an established set of criteria for granting equity awards; instead the Compensation Committee exercises its judgment and discretion, in consultation with our CEO, and considers, among other things, the role and responsibility of the named executive officer, competitive factors, the amount of stock-based equity compensation already held by the named executive officer, and the cash-based compensation received by the named executive officer to determine the level of equity awards that it approves.
We do not have, nor do we plan to establish, any program, plan, or practice to time stock option grants in coordination with releasing material non-public information. The Compensation Committee meets monthly to approve stock option grants, which grants become effective as of the second Monday of the month, in accordance with our equity incentive award grant policy.
  142 In the second quarter of 2010, we made stock option grants to certain members of our management team, including three of our named executive officers, each with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of the following performance objectives which are identical to those performance milestones included in the stock option we granted to our CEO in December 2009:      •     1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Engineering Prototype (Alpha);      •     1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Validation Prototype (Beta);      •     1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of the first Model S Production Vehicle; and      •     1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of 10,000th Model S Production Vehicle.  If one or more of these milestones is not achieved on or prior to December 4, 2013, each executive officer will forfeit his right to the unvested portion of the option. The first milestone—the successful completion of the Model S engineering prototype (alpha build)—was completed in December 2010 and approved by the Board of Directors in January 2011; as of the date of this filing, it is the only milestone to have been met.
 The following table sets forth these performance-based stock option grants to our named executive officers:      (1) In each case, vesting remains subject to continued service through each vesting date.
In addition, during fiscal 2010 the Compensation Committee granted time-based vesting options to our named executive officers as described below.  In June 2010, as an award for his contributions to various patents we were granted, Mr. Straubel was granted an additional option to purchase 2,450 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $14.17. This option vests as to  1/48th of the shares subject to the option each month over 48 months, subject to Mr. Straubel’s continued service through each such vesting date.  In June 2010, in connection with the commencement of his employment with us, Mr. Blankenship was granted an option to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $14.17. This option vests as to  1/4th of the shares subject to the option on May 10, 2011 and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of  1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter over the next 36 months, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service through each such vesting date.
In September 2010, in connection with the commencement of his employment with us, Mr. Blankenship was granted an additional option to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $20.72. This option vests as to  1/48th of the shares subject to the option each month over 48 months, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service through each such vesting date.
  143 In October 2010, in connection with his promotion to Vice President, Sales and Ownership Experience, Mr. Blankenship was granted an additional option to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $20.24. This option vests as to 1/48th of the shares subject to the option each month over 48 months, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service through each such vesting date.  In November 2010, Mr. Whitaker was granted an option to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $24.98. This option vests as to 1/4th of the shares subject to the option on October 27, 2011 and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter 1/48th of the shares subject to the option each month over the next 48 months, subject to Mr. Whitaker’s continued service through each such vesting date. This grant was made in connection with the commencement of Mr. Whitaker’s employment with us, in accordance with the terms of his offer letter, and took into account his new executive position with us, including the size of his base salary and other compensation.  In the first quarter of 2011, we completed performance reviews for our employees and executive officers, and in some cases as a result of these reviews, executive officers received additional stock option grants. The following table sets forth the stock option grants we made to our named executive officers in the first quarter of 2011:       (1) In each case, vesting remains subject to continued service through each vesting date.
We have entered into offer letters and other agreements that require specific payments and benefits to be provided to certain of our named executive officers in the event of termination of employment in connection with a change of control. See “Executive Compensation—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control.”  Bonus  Except for a $1,000 patent award we paid to Mr. Straubel, and a sign-on bonus of $100,000 we paid to Mr. Blankenship, we did not provide any cash-based bonus awards to our named executive officers in 2010.  Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation  We paid Mr. Blankenship a sales commission of $15,800 based on the number of Tesla Roadsters delivered. We did not provide any non-equity incentive plan compensation to any of our other named executive officers in 2010.
We generally do not provide any additional perquisites to our named executive officers except in certain limited circumstances. For example, in 2009 we entered into a relocation agreement with Deepak Ahuja, our Chief Financial Officer, to reimburse him for certain relocation expenses.
  145 Summary Compensation Table  The following table presents information concerning the total compensation of (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our principal financial officer, and (iii) our three most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, who were serving as executive officers at the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 (our “named executive officers”).
No disclosure is provided for 2009 for those persons who were not named executive officers in 2009.       (1) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the valuation of these awards are set forth in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus.
(2) Includes reimbursement for filing fees in the amount of $125,000 paid by Mr. Musk on behalf of the Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003, or the Trust, in connection with a filing made under the Hart Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, as a result of the acquisition of additional shares of our voting securities by the Trust as part of our Series E convertible preferred stock financing plus an additional tax gross-up amount of $81,245.
(3) Includes reimbursement of $4,059 for expenses incurred in connection with our IPO and a gross-up of $2,351.
(4) Includes reimbursement for relocation expenses in the amount of $70,789 and reimbursement for temporary housing expenses in the amount of $85,555.
(5) Amount consists of patent award bonus.
(6) Mr. Blankenship has served as our Vice President, Sales & Ownership Experience since July 2010 and received a prorated base salary based on an annual salary of $300,000, increased to $325,000 effective August 1, 2010.
(7) Amount consists of sign-on bonus.
(8) Amount consists of sales commissions.
(9) Mr. Whitaker joined us as our General Counsel and Secretary in October 2010 and received a prorated base salary based on an annual salary of $300,000.
  146 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in The following table presents information concerning each grant of an award made to a named executive officer in fiscal 2010 under any plan.       (1) The vesting schedule applicable to each award is set forth below in the section entitled “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2010”.
(2) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the valuation of these awards are set forth in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. These amounts do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that may be recognized by the named executive officers.
(3) In connection with his promotion to Vice President, Sales and Ownership Experience in October 2010, Mr. Blankenship entered into a sales commission plan which provides that he shall receive $200 for each Tesla Roadster delivered. There is no “Threshold,” “Target” or “Maximum” payable under the plan. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we paid Mr. Blankenship $15,800 under this plan, which is reflected in the “Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the “Summary Compensation Table” above. We did not provide any non-equity incentive plan compensation to any of our other named executive officers in 2010.
  147 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2010 Fiscal Year-End  The following table presents information concerning unexercised options and stock that has not vested for each named executive officer outstanding as of the end of fiscal 2010.       (1) 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option became vested and exercisable on the grant date and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter, subject to Mr. Musk’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(2)  1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option will vest upon completion of the Model S engineering prototype as determined by our board of directors, 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option will vest upon completion of the Model S validation prototype as determined by our board of directors,  1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option subject to the option will vest upon the first production of the Model S vehicle as determined by our board of directors and 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option will vest upon completion of production of the 10,000th Model S vehicle as determined by our board of directors, in each case subject to the optionee continued to service to us on each such vesting date and the completion of the objective on or prior to December 4, 2013.
(3) 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option shall vest monthly starting August 16, 2009, subject to Mr. Ahuja’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(4) 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option shall vest monthly starting April 13, 2009, subject to Mr. Ahuja’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(5) 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable on July 31, 2009 and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter, subject to Mr. Ahuja’s continued service to us on each such vesting date. Included in Mr. Ahuja’s option were 14,661 shares that were early exercisable but were not vested as of the end of fiscal 2010.
(6) 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option shall vest monthly starting June 3, 2010, subject to Mr. Straubel’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(7) 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option shall vest monthly starting August 16, 2009, subject to Mr. Straubel’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
  148 (8) 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option shall vest monthly starting April 13, 2009, subject to Mr. Straubel’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(9) 1/48th of the total number of share subject to the option shall vest monthly starting May 7, 2008, subject to Mr. Straubel’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(10) 1/48th of the total number of share subject to the option shall vest monthly starting October 1, 2010, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(11) 1/48th of the total number of share subject to the option shall vest monthly starting July 5, 2010, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(12) 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option will become vested and exercisable on May 10, 2011 and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter, subject to Mr. Blankenship’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
(13) 1/4th of the total number of shares subject to the option will become vested and exercisable on October 27, 2011 and the remaining shares subject to the option vest at a rate of 1/48th of the total number of shares subject to the option each month thereafter, subject to Mr. Whitaker’s continued service to us on each such vesting date.
2010 Option Exercises and Stock Vested  The following table presents information concerning each exercise of stock options during fiscal 2010 for each of the named executive officers.
(1) Reflects the difference between the market price of Tesla common stock at the time of exercise on the exercise date and the exercise price of the option.
We entered into an offer letter agreement with Deepak Ahuja, our Chief Financial Officer, on June 13, 2008. The offer letter agreement has no specific term and constitutes at-will employment. Pursuant to the offer letter, Mr. Ahuja was granted options to purchase 83,333 shares of our common stock at an exercise price per share of $2.70, which was equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date the options were granted as determined by our board of directors. The offer letter agreement provides for 12 months of additional vesting of these options in the event Mr. Ahuja is terminated without cause within one year following a change in control of us.  Offer Letter with Eric S. Whitaker  We entered into an offer letter agreement with Eric S. Whitaker, our General Counsel, on October 25, 2010. The offer letter agreement has no specific term and constitutes at-will employment. Pursuant to the offer letter,   149 Mr. Whitaker was granted options to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price per share of $24.98, which was equal to the market closing price of our common stock on the date the options were granted. The offer letter agreement provides for 12 months of additional vesting of these options in the event Mr. Whitaker is terminated without cause within one year following a change in control of us.
The following table provides information concerning the estimated payments and benefits that would be provided in the circumstances described above for each of the named executive officers. Payments and benefits are estimated assuming that the triggering event took place on the last business day of fiscal 2010 (December 31, 2010), and the price per share of Tesla’s common stock is the closing price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as of that date ($26.63). There can be no assurance that a triggering event would produce the same or similar results as those estimated below if such event occurs on any other date or at any other price, of if any other assumption used to estimate potential payments and benefits is not correct. Due to the number of factors that affect the nature and amount of any potential payments or benefits, any actual payments and benefits may be different.       (1) As of December 31, 2010, 20,833 shares of common stock subject to Mr. Ahuja’s options would accelerate if he were terminated without Cause in connection with a Change of Control within a 12-month period after such Change of Control. The amount indicated in the table is calculated as the spread value of the options subject to accelerated vesting on December 31, 2010.
(2) As of December 31, 2010, 50,000 shares of common stock subject to Mr. Whitaker’s options would accelerate if he were terminated without Cause in connection with a Change of Control within a 12-month period after such Change of Control. The amount indicated in the table is calculated as the spread value of the options subject to accelerated vesting on December 31, 2010.
  150 Compensation of Directors  Compensation for Fiscal The following table provides information concerning the compensation paid by us to each of our non-employee directors for fiscal 2010 board service. Elon Musk, who is our Chief Executive Officer, does not receive additional compensation for his services as a director.
(1) Cash fees paid for board and/or committee service reflect a partial year of service beginning upon the completion of Tesla’s IPO in July 2010. Mr. Kohler has determined that he does not anticipate accepting any additional cash compensation for his director services.
(2) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value dollar amount computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the valuation of these awards are set forth in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. These amounts do not correspond to the actual value that may be recognized by the directors.
(3) As of December 31, 2010, the aggregate number of shares underlying option awards outstanding for each of our non-employee directors was:         (A) Options subsequently transferred to Daimler North America Corporation.    (4) Consists of reimbursements for out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred in connection with attendance at board or committee meetings or in connection with our IPO.
In January 2010, our Board of Directors adopted an outside director compensation policy that is applicable to all of Tesla’s non-employee directors and became effective upon completion of our IPO. This policy provides that each such non-employee director will receive the following compensation for board services:      •    an annual cash retainer for general board service of $20,000;      •    no cash awards for attendance of general board meetings;      •    an annual cash retainer for serving as the chairman of the audit committee of $15,000, for serving as the chairman of the compensation committee of $10,000 and for serving as the chairman of the nominating and governance committee of $7,500;    •    an annual cash retainer for serving on the audit committee of $7,500 per member, for serving on the compensation committee of $5,000 per member, and for serving on the nominating and corporate governance committee of $5,000 per member;      •    upon first joining the board, an automatic initial grant of a stock option to purchase 33,333 shares of our common stock vesting 1/4th on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date and 1/48th per month thereafter for the next three years, subject to continued service through each vesting date; and      •    each year shortly following the annual meeting an automatic annual grant of a stock option to purchase 16,666 shares of our common stock vesting on the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date or (ii) the day prior to the next annual meeting, subject to continued service through the vesting date.
If, following a change of control, a director is terminated, all options granted to the director pursuant to the compensation policy shall fully vest and become immediately exercisable.  Non-employee directors also have their travel, lodging and related expenses associated with attending Board or Committee meetings reimbursed by Tesla.  Equity Compensation Plan Information  The following table summarizes the number of outstanding options, warrants and rights granted to employees and directors, as well as the number of securities remaining available for future issuance, under Tesla’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2010.       (1) Includes the following plans: 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning with the 2011 fiscal year, equal to the least of (i) 5,333,333 shares of our common stock, (ii) four percent (4%) of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such lesser amount as our board of directors or a designated committee acting as administrator of the plan may determine.
Our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning with the 2011 fiscal year, equal to the least of (i) 1,000,000 shares of our common stock, (ii) one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the first day of the fiscal year, or (ii) such lesser amount as our board of directors or a designated committee acting as administrator of the plan may determine.
  152 Pension Benefits & Nonqualified Deferred Compensation  We do not provide a pension plan for our employees and none of our named executive officers participated in a nonqualified deferred compensation plan during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010.  Employee Benefit Plans  2003 Equity Incentive Plan  Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved our 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2003 Plan) in July 2003 and became effective upon approval by our stockholders. The 2003 Equity Incentive Plan was amended in December 2009. The purposes of the 2003 Plan are to secure and retain the services of persons eligible to receive awards under the 2003 Plan and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts towards our success.
Our 2003 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to our employees and any of our parent and subsidiary corporations’ employees, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock bonuses and restricted stock to our employees, directors and consultants and our parent and subsidiary corporations’ employees and consultants. No further awards have been granted under our 2003 Plan following our IPO and instead, awards are granted under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan.
However, the 2003 Plan will continue to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards previously granted thereunder.  Plan Administration  Our Board, or a committee that it appoints, administers the 2003 Plan. Subject to the provisions of our 2003 Plan, the administrator has the authority to determine the eligibility for awards and the terms, conditions and restrictions, including vesting terms, applicable to grants made under the 2003 Plan. The administrator also has the authority, subject to the terms of the 2003 Plan, to construe and interpret the 2003 Plan and awards, to amend outstanding awards and to establish, and amend and revoke rules and regulations it considers appropriate for the administration and interpretation of the 2003 Plan.  Stock Options  The administrator may grant incentive and/or nonstatutory stock options under our 2003 Plan; provided that incentive stock options are only granted to employees. The exercise price of incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Code, must equal at least 100% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant and the exercise price of nonstatutory stock options may not be less than 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The term of an option may not exceed ten years. Provided, however, that an incentive stock option held by a participant who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock, or of certain of our parent or subsidiary corporations, may not have a term in excess of five years and must have an exercise price of at least 110% of the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the plan administrator. Subject to the provisions of our 2003 Plan, the administrator determines the remaining terms of the options (e.g., vesting). After a participant’s termination of service, the participant may exercise his or her option, to the extent vested as of the date of termination, for a period of thirty days (or six months in the case of termination due to death or disability) following such termination, or such longer period of time specified in the individual option agreement.
However, in no event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term.  Restricted Stock  Restricted stock awards are grants of rights to purchase our common stock that are subject to various restrictions, including restrictions on transferability and forfeiture provisions. After the administrator determines that it will offer restricted stock, it will advise the purchaser of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of shares that the purchaser is entitled to purchase, the price to be paid, which    153 generally may not be less than 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, and the vesting schedule applicable to the award. A purchaser accepts the offer by execution of a restricted stock purchase agreement in the form determined by the administrator, which will set forth all the terms of the award.  Transferability of Awards  Our 2003 Plan generally does not allow for awards to be transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the participant, only by the participant; provided, however, Non-Employee Directors (as defined in the 2003 Plan) may freely transfer Nonstatutory Stock Options (as defined in the 2003 Plan) to either (i) their venture capital funds or (ii) their employers (or an affiliate, within the meaning of 424(e) or (f) of the Code, of a Non-Employee Director’s employer).  Certain Adjustments  If any change is made in our common stock subject to the 2003 Plan, or subject to any award thereunder, without the receipt of consideration by us, such as through a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other transaction not involving the receipt of consideration by us, appropriate adjustments will be made in the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the plan and/or the number, class and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits contained in the plan. In the event of our dissolution or liquidation, all outstanding awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction.
In the event of (i) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) a merger or consolidation in which we are not the surviving corporation or (iii) a reverse merger in which we are the surviving corporation but the shares of common stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise (individually, a “Corporate Transaction”), then any outstanding awards shall be assumed or substituted for by the surviving or acquiring corporation. If the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation refuses to assume or substitute for such awards, then with respect to awards held by participants whose continuous service has not terminated, the vesting of such awards (and, if applicable, the time during which such awards may be exercised) shall be accelerated in full, and the awards shall terminate if not exercised, if applicable, at or prior to the Corporate Transaction. With respect to any other awards outstanding under the plan, such awards shall terminate if not exercised, if applicable, prior to the Corporate Transaction.  Plan Termination and Amendment  Our board of directors may at any time amend, suspend or terminate the 2003 Plan, provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant. Our 2003 Plan will terminate in connection with, and contingent upon, the effectiveness of this offering; provided that the 2003 Plan will continue to govern the terms and conditions of awards originally granted under the 2003 Plan.
The administrator may grant incentive and/or nonstatutory stock options under our 2010 Plan; provided that incentive stock options are only granted to employees. The exercise price of such options must equal at least the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The term of an option may not exceed ten years.
  155 Provided, however, that an incentive stock option held by a participant who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock, or of certain of our parent or subsidiary corporations, may not have a term in excess of five years and must have an exercise price of at least 110% of the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the plan administrator. Subject to the provisions of our 2010 Plan, the administrator determines the remaining terms of the options (e.g., vesting). After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, the participant may exercise his or her option, to the extent vested as of such date of termination, for the period of time stated in his or her option agreement. Generally, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for twelve months. In all other cases, the option will generally remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term.  Stock Appreciation Rights  Stock appreciation rights may be granted under our 2010 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in the fair market value of our common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Subject to the provisions of our 2010 Plan, the administrator determines the terms of stock appreciation rights, including when such rights vest and become exercisable and whether to settle such awards in cash or with shares of our common stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. The specific terms will be set forth in an award agreement.  Restricted Stock  Restricted stock may be granted under our 2010 Plan.
Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of our common stock that are subject to various restrictions, including restrictions on transferability and forfeiture provisions. Shares of restricted stock will vest and the restrictions on such shares will lapse, in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. Such terms may include, among other things, vesting upon the achievement of specific performance goals determined by the administrator and/or continued service to us. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting, unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest for any reason will be forfeited by the recipient and will revert to us. The specific terms will be set forth in an award agreement.
Restricted stock units may be granted under our 2010 Plan. Each restricted stock unit granted is a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of our common stock.
The administrator determines the terms and conditions of restricted stock units including the vesting criteria, which may include achievement of specified performance criteria or continued service to us, and the form and timing of payment. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. The administrator determines in its sole discretion whether an award will be settled in stock, cash or a combination of both. The specific terms will be set forth in an award agreement.  Performance Units/Performance Shares  Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2010 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The administrator will establish organizational or individual performance goals in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number and/or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to    156 participants. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall have an initial dollar value established by the administrator prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. The specific terms will be set forth in an award agreement.
Our 2010 Plan also provides for the automatic grant of nonstatutory stock options to our non-employee directors. Each non-employee director initially appointed to the board of directors after the completion of this offering will automatically receive an option to purchase 33,333 shares upon such appointment (excluding an employee director who ceases to be an employee but remains a director). This initial award will vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date and  1/48th of the shares subject to the option each month thereafter over the next three years, provided he or she continues to serve as a director through each relevant vesting date. In addition, beginning in fiscal year 2011, non-employee directors will automatically receive a subsequent option to purchase 16,666 shares shortly after each date of our annual meeting of stockholders. These subsequent awards will vest as to 100% of shares subject to the award on the earlier of (1) the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date or (2) the day prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders; provided he or she continues to serve as a director through the relevant vesting date. All awards granted under the automatic grant provisions will have a term of seven years or such earlier expiration date specified in the applicable award agreement, an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant and will be freely transferable to the non-employee directors’ venture capital funds or employers (or an affiliate, within the meaning of Section 424(e) or (f) of the Code, of a non-employee director’s employer). The administrator may change the number, type and terms of future automatic awards granted to our non-employee director under the 2010 Plan. Additionally, non-employee directors are eligible to receive discretionary grants.  Transferability of Awards  Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2010 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an option or stock appreciation right may exercise such an award during his or her lifetime.
In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under the 2010 Plan, the administrator will make adjustments to one or more of the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the plan and/or the number, class and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits contained in the plan. In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction.
Our 2010 Plan provides that in the event of a merger or change in control, as defined under the 2010 Plan, each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, except that if a successor corporation or its parent or subsidiary does not assume or substitute an equivalent award for any outstanding award, then such award will fully vest, all restrictions on such award will lapse, all performance goals or other vesting criteria applicable to such award will be deemed achieved at 100% of target levels and such award will become fully exercisable, if applicable, for a specified period prior to the transaction. The award will then terminate upon the expiration of the specified period of time. If the service of an outside director is terminated on or following a    157 change of control, other than pursuant to a voluntary resignation, his or her options, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights, if any, will vest fully and become immediately exercisable, all restrictions on his or her restricted stock will lapse, and all performance goals or other vesting requirements for his or her performance shares and units will be deemed achieved at 100% of target levels, and all other terms and conditions met.  Plan Amendment, Termination  Our board of directors has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2010 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant. Our 2010 Plan will automatically terminate in 2020, unless we terminate it sooner.  2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  Concurrently with our IPO, we established our 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP). Our board of directors has adopted, and our stockholders have approved, the ESPP. Our executive officers and all of our other employees are allowed to participate in our ESPP.  A total of 1,666,666 shares of our common stock were initially made available for sale under our ESPP. In addition, our ESPP provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2011 fiscal year, equal to the least of:      •    1,000,000 shares;      •    1% of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the first day of such fiscal year; or      •    such other amount as may be determined by the administrator.
Our board of directors or its committee has full and exclusive authority to interpret the terms of the ESPP and determine eligibility.
 All of our employees are eligible to participate if they are customarily employed by us or any participating subsidiary for at least 20 hours per week and more than five months in any calendar year. However, an employee may not be granted rights to purchase stock under our ESPP if such employee:      •    immediately after the grant would own stock possessing 5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of our capital stock; or      •    holds rights to purchase stock under all of our employee stock purchase plans that would accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 worth of our stock for each calendar year.  Our ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code, and provides for consecutive, non-overlapping six-month offering periods. The offering periods generally start on the first trading day on or after March 1 and September 1 of each year. The administrator may, in its discretion, modify the terms of future offering periods.  Our ESPP permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of their eligible compensation, which includes a participant’s regular and recurring straight time gross earnings, payments for overtime and shift premium, exclusive of payments for incentive compensation, bonuses and other similar compensation. A participant may purchase a maximum of 500 shares of common stock during each six-month offering period.  Amounts deducted and accumulated by the participant are used to purchase shares of our common stock at the end of each six-month offering period. The purchase price of the shares will be 85% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the last day of the offering period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering period, and will be paid their    158 accrued payroll deductions that have not yet been used to purchase shares of common stock. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with us.
A participant may not transfer rights granted under the ESPP other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as otherwise provided under the ESPP.  In the event of our merger or change of control, as defined under the ESPP, a successor corporation may assume or substitute each outstanding purchase right. If the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the outstanding purchase rights, the offering period then in progress will be shortened, and a new exercise date will be set.
The plan administrator will notify each participant in writing that the exercise date has been changed and that the participant’s option will be exercised automatically on the new exercise date unless the participant has already withdrawn from the offering period.  Our ESPP will automatically terminate in 2020, unless we terminate it sooner. In addition, our board of directors has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate our ESPP, except that, subject to certain exceptions described in the ESPP, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding rights to purchase stock under our ESPP.
401(k) Plan  We maintain a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan for all employees who satisfy certain eligibility requirements, including requirements relating to age and length of service. Under our 401(k) plan, employees may elect to defer up to 90% of their eligible compensation subject to applicable annual Internal Revenue Code limits. We currently do not match any contributions made by our employees, including executives. We intend for the 401(k) plan to qualify under Section 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code so that contributions by employees to the 401(k) plan, and income earned on those contributions, are not taxable to employees until withdrawn from the 401(k) plan.
In addition to the United States, we currently have employees located in Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Monaco, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. In addition to providing statutorily mandated benefit programs in each country, we contribute to private plans for health, pension and insurance benefits in the countries where those contributions are customarily provided to employees.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which will be in effect upon the completion of this offering, contain provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for:      •    any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders;      •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;      •    unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or      •    any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on    159 behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification.
  160 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions  We have a written policy regarding approval of related person transactions. As approved by the board of directors and as provided by our audit committee charter, our audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving in advance any related person transaction. For the purposes of this policy, a “related person transaction” is a transaction, arrangement or relationship in which we (including any of our subsidiaries) were, are or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than transactions available to all of our U.S. employees.
At each fiscal year’s first regularly scheduled audit committee meeting, management recommends related person transactions to be entered into, or continued, by us for that fiscal year. After review, the audit committee approves or disapproves such transactions. In the event management recommends any further related person transactions subsequent to the first fiscal year meeting, such transactions are presented to the audit committee for approval prior to the consummation of the related person transactions. Additionally, audit committee approval is obtained prior to consummating any related person transaction.
 In determining whether to approve a related person transaction, the audit committee will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the related person transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-person under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction.  Directors do not participate in the approval of any related person transaction for which such director is a related person.  Series E Convertible Preferred Financing  In May 2009, we sold an aggregate of 19,901,290 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at a per share purchase price of $2.5124 to Blackstar Investco LLC (Blackstar), which holds more than 5% of our outstanding capital stock and is an affiliate of Daimler AG (Daimler), pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. As part of the financing, we also issued 1,949,028 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock pursuant to the conversion of convertible promissory notes issued in February 2008 at a conversion price of $2.5124 per share and we issued 80,926,461 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock pursuant to the conversion of convertible promissory notes issued in December 2008, February 2009 and March 2009 at a conversion price of $1.005 per share, which represented a 60% discount to the price paid by the other investors in the financing, as described more fully in “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Bridge Debt Financings” below. Herbert Kohler, an employee of Daimler, is a member of our board of directors.
In August 2009, we sold an aggregate of 27,785,263 shares of Series F convertible preferred stock at a per share purchase price of $2.9692 pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. Purchasers of the Series F convertible preferred stock include Blackstar and Al Wahada Capital Investment LLC (Al Wahada), which holds more than 5% of our outstanding capital stock and whose representative, H.E. Ahmed Saif Al Darmaki, is a member of our board of directors. The following table summarizes purchases of Series F convertible preferred stock by the above-listed investors:      161 Bridge Debt Financings  In February 2008 and March 2008 we entered into a Secured Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with certain of our stockholders pursuant to which we issued senior secured convertible promissory notes and warrants in an aggregate principal amount of $40,167,530. The promissory notes were secured by substantially all our personal property, including intellectual property, and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. Certain of the notes and warrants were exchanged for a new form of note in connection with our December 2008 bridge debt financing, which is described below. The notes which were not exchanged were converted into 1,949,028 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at $2.5124 per share. The warrants which were not exchanged became exercisable for an aggregate of 866,091 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.5124 per share.
In December 2008, February 2009 and March 2009 we entered into a Secured Note Purchase Agreement with certain of our stockholders pursuant to which we issued senior secured convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of $40,000,000. The promissory notes were secured by substantially all our personal property, including intellectual property, and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. Stockholders who participated for their pro rata share were entitled to exchange their existing notes and warrants from the February 2008 bridge debt financing for the new form of note issued in this financing. Pursuant to their terms, the notes were converted into 80,926,461 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at $1.0050 per share, which represented a 60% discount to the price paid by the other investors in the Series E financing.  The following table summarizes the original note investment amounts of our officers, directors and principal stockholders under the bridge debt financings:       (1) Reflects warrants issued to purchase shares of Series E convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $2.5124 per share.
(2) Aggregate principal amount of February 2008 notes exchanged for new form of note issued in December 2008, and all principal and accrued interest under all notes converted into Series E convertible preferred stock at a price of $1.0050 per share.
(3) Affiliates of Valor holding our securities whose shares are aggregated for purposes of reporting share ownership information include Valor VC, LLC and VEP Tesla Holdings LLC.
(4) Affiliates of VantagePoint holding our securities whose shares are aggregated for purposes of reporting share ownership information include VPVP CleanTech Holdings 2004, L.L.C., VantagePoint Venture Partners IV Principals Fund, L.P. and VantagePoint CleanTech Partners, L.P.
(5) All principal and accrued interest under all notes converted into Series E convertible preferred stock at a price of $2.5124 per share.
(6) Jasper Holdings LLC is controlled by Kimbal Musk, a member of our board of directors.
(7) Steve Westly, a managing partner of Westly Capital Partners, L.P., is a former member of our board of directors.
  162 Daimler Agreements  In connection with a Series E preferred stock financing in May 2009, we entered into certain agreements with Daimler, Daimler North America Corporation (DNAC) and Blackstar Investco LLC. Herbert Kohler, a member of our board of directors, is a Vice President of Blackstar and Daimler.  We entered into a side agreement with Blackstar pursuant to which we are obligated to give Blackstar notice of any proposal we receive relating to an acquisition of us for which we determine to engage in discussions with a potential acquiror or otherwise pursue. The notice shall include the material terms and conditions of such proposal and the identity of the proposed acquiror. The agreement further provides that Blackstar may, within a specified time period, submit a competing acquisition proposal. Blackstar’s rights under this agreement are not transferable except to Daimler or a controlled affiliate of Daimler. This agreement will terminate on December 31, 2011 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain other events including an acquisition of us or certain changes in our relationship with Daimler and Blackstar.  Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, entered into a letter agreement with Blackstar pursuant to which Mr. Musk has agreed not to transfer any shares of our capital stock beneficially owned by him to any automobile original equipment manufacturer, other than Daimler, without Blackstar’s consent. Mr. Musk has further agreed not to vote any shares of our capital stock beneficially owned by him in favor of a deemed liquidation transaction to which any automobile original equipment manufacturer, other than Daimler, is a party without Blackstar’s consent. This agreement will terminate on December 31, 2011 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain other events including an acquisition of us or certain changes in our relationship with Daimler and Blackstar.  In addition, we have granted certain covenants to Daimler as part of our investors’ rights agreement.
These covenants provide that if Mr. Musk is not serving as our Chief Executive Officer at any time until the later of December 31, 2012 or the launch of the Model S, Mr. Musk shall promptly propose a successor Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Kohler, or his successor, must consent to any appointment of such person by the Board of Directors. Furthermore, if at any time during the period from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012, Mr. Musk is not serving as either our Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of Directors for reasons other than his death or disability, and Dr. Kohler, or his successor, has not consented to the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer or if during such period Mr. Musk renders services to, or invests in, any other automotive OEM other than us, Daimler has the right to terminate any or all of its strategic collaboration agreements with us.
We entered into two agreements with Daimler and DNAC in May 2009, including a contract under which we agreed to develop and supply battery systems to Daimler for use in a “Smart EV Project.” Subsequently, on May 11, 2009, in connection with the Series E convertible preferred stock financing transaction in which Blackstar purchased shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock, we and DNAC entered into the EIP Agreement. Under the EIP Agreement, we and DNAC agreed to begin the process of negotiating, in good faith, to enter into further agreements regarding areas of strategic cooperation (Strategic Agreements). In particular, the parties agreed to negotiate in good faith to enter into up to four additional agreements covering among other areas, strategic cooperation, the joint development of technology, and the supply of electric vehicle components to each other. To date, we and Daimler have only entered into one of these agreements, which is for the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of Daimler’s A-Class electric vehicles introduced in Europe in 2011.  In addition to providing an exclusivity period for negotiation of the Strategic Agreements, the EIP Agreement specified certain terms that the parties would agree to include in those agreements. In particular we agreed that certain of the Strategic Agreements would include exclusivity provisions that would limit us from entering into competitive arrangements with other automotive companies; however, we would not be subject to any restrictions with respect to the Tesla Roaster and Model S vehicles. Further, if a third party offers to enter into a competitive transaction with us, we are required to give DNAC notice of such offer. If DNAC declines to    163 enter into such transaction on the same terms as offered by the third party, then we would be free to enter into the competitive transaction with the third party, subject to certain limitations.
The EIP Agreement also provides for the allocation of each party’s right to patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the event we do enter into any of the Strategic Agreements and places limitations on Daimler’s and our rights to license this intellectual property to competitors. Our obligations under the EIP Agreement terminate in July 2013.
We have also been selected by Daimler to supply it with up to 2,100 battery packs and chargers to support a trial of the Smart fortwo electric drive vehicles. We began shipping the first of these battery packs and chargers in November 2009. In the first quarter of 2010, Daimler engaged us to assist with the development and production of a battery pack and charger for a pilot fleet of its A-Class electric vehicles to be introduced in Europe during 2011. A formal agreement for this arrangement was entered into with Daimler in May 2010. As of December 31, 2010, all development work related to this development agreement had been completed and we recognized approximately $14 million in revenues. In the quarter ended March 31, 2010, we completed the development and sale of modular battery packs for electric delivery vans for Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation, or Freightliner, an affiliate of Daimler. Freightliner plans to use these electric vans in a limited number of customer trials. We recognized an aggregate amount of $227,000 from these sales in the first quarter of 2010.  Investors’ Rights Agreement  We have entered into an investors’ rights agreement with certain holders of our common stock, including the Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003, Blackstar, Al Wahada, VantagePoint, Valor, Toyota and Panasonic. This agreement provides for certain rights relating to the registration of their shares of common stock. In addition, our investors’ rights agreement contains certain covenants relating to Elon Musk’s employment as our Chief Executive Officer, as described in “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Daimler Agreements” above.  Settlement Agreement and Warrant Issuances  In May 2010, we entered into a settlement agreement with three of our stockholders, all of which are entities affiliated with Valor, in connection with a claim asserted by such stockholders regarding the conversion of such stockholders’ convertible promissory notes into shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock at the time of our Series E preferred stock financing in May 2009. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, we issued warrants to such stockholders which, upon the closing of our IPO, were automatically net exercised for an aggregate of 100,000 shares of our common stock. We also entered into an amendment to our investors’ rights agreement to grant registration rights to the shares issued upon net exercise of the warrants.  Indemnification Agreements  We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers. The indemnification agreements and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into offer letters and employment agreements with our executive officers.  In January 2011, we entered into a professional services agreement with SolarCity, a solar installation company, under which Tesla has subcontracted with SolarCity to provide a variety of design, engineering and consulting services to the California Public Utilities Commission. The total amount payable by SolarCity to us    164 under this agreement is approximately $534,000. Mr. Elon Musk is a significant stockholder of SolarCity Corporation and has been the Chairman of SolarCity since July 2006. Mr.
Jurvetson, a member of our board of directors, is a managing director of Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) which is a significant stockholder of SolarCity. Mr. Gracias, a member of our board of directors, is a minor shareholder of SolarCity. JB Straubel, our Chief Technical Officer, is a member of the board of directors of SolarCity.  We have an informal arrangement with Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX) for the use of building space and information technology services in the facilities of SpaceX in Hawthorne, California. In August 2009, we began paying for the use of such facilities on a per square foot basis and for the information technology services. Currently, monthly payments for such facilities and services amount to approximately $31,000 per month and are currently expected to end by the middle of 2011, once our personnel move to our own facilities. In addition, SpaceX has from time to time in the past paid for facilities and services expenses on our behalf, for which we subsequently reimbursed SpaceX. Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman, is also the Chief Executive Officer and a significant stockholder of SpaceX. Steve Jurvetson and Kimbal Musk, two members of our board of directors, are also members of the board of directors of SpaceX and Antonio Gracias, another member of our board of directors, holds a minority interest in SpaceX. We reimbursed SpaceX for an aggregate of $90,000, $179,000 and $287,000 for this use during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively, and $79,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2011.  In addition to use of commercial airlines, Elon Musk has made his private airplane available to expedite our business travel. In his role as CEO of two companies with headquarters located in different cities and with international operations, Mr. Musk must travel extensively and often at times when there are no commercial flights scheduled. We believe it would be physically impossible for him to conduct his duties effectively if commercial airport wait time and flight schedules added several hundred hours to that total. Where possible, trips also include other company personnel, both executives and non-executives, to maximize efficiency.  For approximately the first five years of our existence, Mr. Musk fully paid for these expenses himself at a cumulative cost in excess of $1 million and has not sought reimbursement. Following the Blackstar investment, in which Daimler required that he commit considerable additional time to the company for an extended period, our independent board members approved paying a portion of the operating expenses of the private plane starting in mid 2009. The amount paid by us is well under half the full cost per hour of the aircraft.
Operating expenses which we paid directly to third parties against invoices, amounted to $250,000 and $384,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2010, respectively. These included fuel costs and landing fees, but do not include costs related to the aircraft lease, depreciation, hangar, maintenance and flight crew salaries.  It is worth noting that Mr. Musk’s total cash compensation is $1 per year, whereas the salary and bonus for a chief executive officer of a comparable company would ordinarily be larger. While he does possess a significant investment and stock option incentive, the vast majority of that ownership can only be monetized following the long term success of Tesla and the DOE loan project completion, which is aligned with the interests of other stockholders and the government.
The DOE Loan Facility, although conditionally approved in June 2009, only began disbursing funds to us in February 2010 and exclusively covers costs relating to engineering and production of the Model S and powertrain factory. It does not cover overhead expenses, such as travel by our Chief Executive Officer.
  165 PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS  The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of April 30, 2011, as adjusted to reflect the sale of common stock offered by us in this offering and the common stock to be sold by us in the concurrent private placement, for the following:      •    each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to beneficially own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock;      •    each of our directors;      •    each of our named executive officers; and      •    all of our directors and executive officers as a group.  We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us or filed with the SEC, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. In computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of common stock subject to options or other convertible securities held by that person or entity that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2011. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
The table below excludes shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants granted to the DOE in connection with the closing of our DOE Loan Facility.  Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Tesla Motors, Inc., 3500 Deer Creek Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.      * Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.
(1) Includes 25,715,565 shares held by the Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003; and 2,936,487 shares issuable to Mr. Musk upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011. Includes 6,424,899 shares pledged as collateral to secure certain personal indebtedness owed to Goldman Sachs Bank USA, an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs & Co.
(2) Based solely on Schedule 13G filed on April 8, 2011, includes 14,300,250 shares held by FMR LLC, of which 5,056,809 shares are held on behalf of Fidelity OTC Portfolio. The address for FMR LLC is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 20109.
(3) Includes 17,361 shares issuable to Daimler North America Corporation (DNAC) upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
Dr. Kohler is Vice President of Blackstar Investco LLC (Blackstar), which is 60% owned by DNAC and 40% owned by Aabar Blackstar Holdings GmbH. DNAC is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Daimler AG, and Aabar Blackstar Holdings GmbH is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Aabar Europe Holdings GmbH, and Aabar Europe Holdings GmbH is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Aabar Investments PJSC. Dr. Kohler disclaims beneficial ownership of shares held by Blackstar, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for Blackstar is c/o Daimler America Corporation, One Mercedes Drive, Montvale, New Jersey 07645. Assuming the underwriter exercises in full its option to purchase additional shares in the public offering, Blackstar has agreed to purchase an additional 67,475 shares and will therefore beneficially own 8,130,576 shares or approximately 7.83% of the shares after the offering and the concurrent private placement.
(4)  Includes 14,583 shares issuable to Mr. Al Darmaki upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011. Until December 2010, Mr. Al Darmaki served as the Planning & Development Director of Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority (ADWEA), which is a national organization wholly owned by the Abu Dhabi Government, and Al Wahada Capital Investment LLC is a wholly owned affiliate of ADWEA. Mr. Al Darmaki disclaims beneficial ownership of shares held by this entity, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for this entity is 7th Floor, ADWEA Building, 6th Street, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
(5) Based solely on Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2011, Vantage Point CleanTech Partners, L.P. has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 1,357,803 shares; VantagePoint Venture Partners IV Principals Fund, L.P. has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 13,678 shares; VPVP Cleantech Holdings 2004, L.L.C. has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 4,131,677 share; VantagePoint CleanTech Associates, L.L.C. has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 1,360,234 shares; Vantage Point Venture Associates IV, L.L.C. has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 4,151,188 shares; and Alan E. Salzman has the shared power to vote or to direct the vote of and the shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 5,511,422 shares. VantagePoint CleanTech Associates, L.L.C. is the general partner for VantagePoint CleanTech Partners, L.P. and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. VantagePoint Venture Associates IV, L.L.C. is the general partner for VantagePoint Venture Partners IV Principals Fund, L.P. and the managing member of VPVP Cleantech Holdings 2004, L.L.C. and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. Alan E. Salzman is the managing member of each of VantagePoint CleanTech Associates, L.L.C. and VantagePoint Venture Associates IV, L.L.C., and as such, may be deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to shares held by one or more of these entities, but disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for these entities and individuals is 1001 Bayhill Drive, Suite 300, San Bruno, California 94066.
(6) Includes 130,402 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
(7) Includes 197,891 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
(8) Represents 52,073 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
(9) Includes 13,194 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
(10) Includes 2,124,290 shares held by Technology Partners Fund VIII, L.P.; and 49,999 shares issuable to TP Management VIII, L.L.C. upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011. Mr. Ehrenpreis is a managing member of TP Management VIII, L.L.C., the general partner of Technology Partners Fund VIII, L.P., and as such, he may be deemed to have voting and investment owner with respect to such shares. Mr. Ehrenpreis disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for these entities is 550 University Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94301.
(11)  Includes 1,992,447 shares held by Valor Equity Partners, L.P. (VEP I); 89,678 shares held by Valor Equity Management II, LP (VEP II); 164,611 shares held by AJG Growth Fund LLC (AJG); and 49,999 shares issuable to VEP I upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011. VEP I is advised directly and/or indirectly by Valor Management Corp., which may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares held by VEP I. Valor Management Corp. is general partner of VEP II, and may be deemed to be    the beneficial owner of the shares held by VEP II. Valor Management Corp. disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares held of record by VEP I or VEP II pursuant to the rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Gracias is a shareholder and a director of Valor Management Corp. and is a manager of AJG Growth Fund LLC, and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of shares held of record by VEP I, VEP II and AJG (Valor Entities). Mr. Gracias disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares held of record by the Valor Entities, except, in each case, to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for the Valor Entities and Mr. Gracias is 200 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 1020, Chicago, Illinois 60604.
(12) Includes 41,959 shares held by the Steve and Karla Jurvetson Living Trust, dated August 27, 2002 and 16,667 shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011. Also includes 216,776 shares held of record by Draper Fisher Jurvetson Fund VIII, L.P. (Fund VIII); and 4,817 shares held of record by Draper Fisher Jurvetson Partners VIII, LLC (Partners VIII). Timothy C.
Draper, John H.N. Fisher and Mr. Jurvetson are managing directors of the general partner entities of Fund VIII and also managing members of Partners VIII, that directly hold shares and as such, they may be deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to such shares. These individuals disclaim beneficial ownership with respect to such shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The address for all the entities above is 2882 Sand Hill Road, Suite 150, Menlo Park, California 94025.
(13) Includes 365,026 shares held by Jasper Holdings LLC, which is owned by Mr. Musk and his spouse; and 16,666 shares issuable to Mr. Musk upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
(14) Includes 3,527,499 shares issuable upon exercise of options held by our current executive officers and directors (including their affiliated entities) exercisable within 60 days after April 30, 2011.
  168 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK  General  The following is a summary of our capital stock and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
Short-Form Registration Rights  The Registration Rights Holders are also currently entitled to short-form registration rights. If we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, these holders have the right, upon written request from either the holders of at least 20% of these shares to us, or Blackstar, to have such shares registered by us at our expense if the proposed aggregate offering price of the shares to be registered by the holders requesting registration, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, is at least $1,000,000, subject to certain exceptions.  Piggyback Registration Rights  The Registration Rights Holders are currently entitled to piggyback registration rights. If we register any of our securities either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of these shares are entitled to include their shares in the registration at our expense. The underwriters of any underwritten offering have the right to limit the number of shares registered by these holders for marketing reasons, subject to certain limitations.
  170 DOE Registration Rights  In connection our DOE Loan Facility, we have also granted certain registration rights to the DOE related to the shares exercisable upon the warrants issued to the DOE described above. These registration rights will only become effective if the DOE elects to exercise all or a portion of the shares subject to the warrants.
  171 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals  Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.  Board Classification  Our board of directors is divided into three classes, one class of which is elected each year by our stockholders. The directors in each class will serve for a three-year term. For more information on the classified board, see “Management—Board of Directors.” A third party may be discouraged from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us as it is it more difficult and time-consuming for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified board.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not permit cumulative voting in the election of directors. Cumulative voting allows a stockholder to vote a portion or all of its shares for one or more candidates for seats on the board of directors. Without cumulative voting, a minority stockholder may not be able to gain as many seats on our board of directors as the stockholder would be able to gain if cumulative voting were permitted. The absence of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for a minority stockholder to gain a seat on our board of directors to influence our board’s decision regarding a takeover.
The amendment of the above provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires approval by holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.  Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute  We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless:      •    prior to the date of the transaction, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;      •    upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, calculated as provided under Section 203; or      •    at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.
Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15% or more of a corporation’s outstanding voting stock. We expect the existence of this provision to have an    172 anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our board of directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders.  The provisions of Delaware law and the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests.  Transfer Agent and Registrar  The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is ComputerShare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent’s address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021, and its telephone number is (800) 662-7232.  Listing  Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “TSLA.”    173 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE  Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, in the public market after this offering, or the possibility of these sales occurring, could adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock from time to time or impair our ability to raise equity capital in the future.
Upon the closing of this offering and the concurrent private placement, a total of 102,840,840 shares of common stock will be outstanding. Of these shares, all 15,295,000 shares sold in the IPO and all 5,300,000 shares of common stock sold in this offering, plus any shares sold upon exercise of the underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares, will be freely tradable in the public market without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless these shares are held by “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
All 38,131,153 shares to be beneficially owned after this offering and the concurrent private placement by Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Blackstar, will be subject to lock-up agreements that restrict transfer of our shares for 90 days after the date of this prospectus (subject to extension in certain circumstances). See “Lock-Up Agreements” below.  The remaining shares of common stock, including the shares sold in the concurrent private placement, will be “restricted securities,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. These restricted securities are eligible for public sale only if they are registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rules 144 or 701 under the Securities Act, which are summarized below.
Rule In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person who is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates, is entitled to sell such shares without complying with the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144.  In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are entitled to sell upon expiration of the lock-up agreements described below, within any three-month period beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of:      •    1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately 1,028,000 shares immediately after this offering and the concurrent private placement; or      •    the average weekly trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale.  Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Rule Rule 701 generally allows a stockholder who purchased shares of our common stock pursuant to a written compensatory plan or contract and who is not deemed to have been an affiliate of our company during the immediately preceding 90 days to sell these shares in reliance upon Rule 144, but without being required to comply with the public information, holding period, volume limitation, or notice provisions of Rule 144. Rule 701 also permits affiliates of our company to sell their Rule 701 shares under Rule 144 without complying with the holding period requirements of Rule 144.
  174 Registration Rights  Certain holders of unregistered common stock purchased in private placements, or their permitted transferees, are entitled to various rights with respect to the registration of these shares under the Securities Act. In addition, the DOE will be entitled to various rights with respect to the registration of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant we have issued the DOE in connection with the DOE Loan Facility.
Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares becoming fully tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness of the registration, except for shares purchased by affiliates. See “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for additional information. Shares covered by a registration statement will be eligible for sales in the public market upon the expiration or release from the terms of the lock up agreement.  Lock-Up Agreements  We, Elon Musk our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Blackstar have agreed that, without the prior written consent of Goldman, Sachs & Co., we and they will not, during the period ending 90 days after the date of this prospectus:      •    offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock, options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or that represent the right to receive shares of our common stock; or      •    engage in any other transaction which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of shares of our common stock;  whether any transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of shares of our common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. This agreement is subject to certain exceptions, and is also subject to extension for up to an additional 34 days, as set forth in the section entitled “Underwriting.”  Registration of Shares in Connection with Compensatory Benefit Plans  As of March 31, 2011, we have registered approximately 24,166,301 shares previously issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans and agreements, of which 14,654,270 were related to outstanding option awards. Subject to the satisfaction of applicable vesting provisions, to Rule 144 volume limitations, manner of sale, notice and public information requirements applicable to our affiliates and, as applicable, the lock-up agreements signed in connection with this offering, the shares of common stock issued upon exercise of outstanding options will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market.
  175 MATERIAL UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  FOR NON-UNITED STATES HOLDERS  The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax and estate tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our common stock to non-United States holders, but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating thereto. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as of the date hereof. These authorities may be changed, possibly retroactively, so as to result in United States federal income tax or estate tax consequences different from those set forth below.
We have not sought any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with such statements and conclusions.  This summary also does not address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any United States state or local or any non-United States jurisdiction or under United States federal gift and estate tax laws, except to the limited extent below. In addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations applicable to an investor’s particular circumstances or to investors that may be subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation:      •    banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions;      •    persons subject to the alternative minimum tax;      •    tax-exempt organizations;      •    dealers in securities or currencies;      •    traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings;      •    persons that own, or are deemed to own, more than five percent of our capital stock (except to the extent specifically set forth below);      •    certain former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;      •    persons who hold our common stock as a position in a hedging transaction, “straddle,” “conversion transaction” or other risk reduction transaction;      •    persons who do not hold our common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, for investment purposes); or      •    persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code.
In addition, if a partnership or entity classified as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. Accordingly, partnerships that hold our common stock, and partners in such partnerships, should consult their tax advisors.
 You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of the United States federal income tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock arising under the United States federal estate or gift tax rules or under the laws of any United States state or local or any non-United States or other taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable tax treaty.  Non-United States Holder Defined  For purposes of this discussion, you are a non-United States holder if you are any holder other than:      •    an individual citizen or resident of the United States;      •    a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia;    •    an estate whose income is subject to United States federal income tax regardless of its source; or      •    a trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a United States court and which has one or more United States persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (y) which has made an election to be treated as a United States person.  Distributions  If we make distributions on our common stock, those payments will constitute dividends for United States tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles. To the extent those distributions exceed both our current and our accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of capital and will first reduce your basis in our common stock, but not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale of stock.
Our common stock held (or treated as held) by an individual non-United States holder at the time of death will be included in such holder’s gross estate for United States federal estate tax purposes, unless an applicable estate tax treaty provides otherwise, and therefore may be subject to United States federal estate tax.  Backup Withholding and Information Reporting  Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends paid to you, your name and address, and the amount of tax withheld, if any. A similar report will be sent to you. Pursuant to applicable income tax treaties or other agreements, the IRS may make these reports available to tax authorities in your country of residence.  Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the disposition of stock made to you may be subject to additional information reporting and backup withholding at a current rate of 28% unless you establish an exemption, for example by properly certifying your non-United States status on a Form W-8BEN or another appropriate version of IRS Form W-8.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding and information reporting may apply if either we or our paying agent has actual knowledge, or reason to know, that you are a United States person.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax; rather, the United States income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit may generally be obtained from the IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.
Recently enacted legislation generally will impose a United States federal withholding tax of 30% on dividends and the gross proceeds of a disposition of our common stock paid after December 31, 2012 to a “foreign financial institution” (as specially defined under these rules), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the United States government to withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide to the United States tax authorities substantial information regarding United States account holders of such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such institution, as well as certain account holders that are foreign entities with United States owners). The legislation also will generally impose a United States federal withholding tax of 30% on dividends and the gross proceeds of a disposition of our common stock paid after December 31, 2012 to a non-financial foreign entity unless such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification identifying the direct and indirect United States owners of the entity. Under certain circumstances, a non-United States holder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Prospective investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on their investment in our common stock.
 The preceding discussion of United States federal tax considerations is for general information only. It is not tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the particular United States federal, state and local and non-United States tax consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing of our common stock, including the consequences of any proposed change in applicable laws.
  178 UNDERWRITING  We and the underwriter named below have entered into an underwriting agreement with respect to the shares being offered. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriter has agreed to purchase all of the 5,300,000 shares being offered hereby.  The underwriter is committed to take and pay for all of the shares being offered, if any are taken, other than the shares covered by the option described below unless and until this option is exercised.
Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “TSLA.”  In connection with the offering, the underwriter may purchase and sell shares of common stock in the open market. These transactions may include short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover positions    179 created by short sales. Short sales involve the sale by the underwriter of a greater number of shares than it is required to purchase in the offering. “Covered” short sales are sales made in an amount not greater than the underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares from us in the offering. The underwriter may close out any covered short position by either exercising its option to purchase additional shares or purchasing shares in the open market. In determining the source of shares to close out the covered short position, the underwriter will consider, among other things, the price of shares available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which it may purchase additional shares pursuant to the option granted to it. “Naked” short sales are any sales in excess of such option. The underwriter must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriter is concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the common stock in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering. Stabilizing transactions consist of various bids for or purchases of common stock made by the underwriter in the open market prior to the completion of the offering.
Purchases to cover a short position and stabilizing transactions, as well as other purchases by the underwriter for its own account, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our stock, and may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. If these activities are commenced, they may be discontinued at any time. These transactions may be effected on the The Nasdaq Global Select Market, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise.
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of securities described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state other than:      •    to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive;      •    to fewer than 100 or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150 natural or legal persons (other than “qualified investors” as defined in the Prospectus Directive) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter; or      •    in any other circumstances that do not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive,  provided that no such offer of securities shall require us or the underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive.  For purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of securities to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the securities, as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state, the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state, and the expression “2010 PD Amending Directive” means Directive 2010/73/EU.
 The underwriter must:      •    only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the shares in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and      •    comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
  180 The shares may not be offered or sold by means of any document other than (1) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (2) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (3) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the shares may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.  This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, (2) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the Securities and Futures Act.
Where the shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares under Section 275 except: (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act; (2) where no consideration is given for the transfer; or (3) by operation of law.
The securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities and Exchange Law of Japan (the Securities and Exchange Law) and the underwriter may not offer or sell any securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Securities and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, excluding underwriting discounts and commissions, will be approximately $500,000.  We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933.  The underwriter and its affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, including securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The underwriter and its affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and investment banking services for the issuer, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.
  182 CONCURRENT PRIVATE PLACEMENT  Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, Product Architect and Chairman of the Board of Directors, through the Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003, has entered into a stock purchase agreement with us pursuant to which he has agreed to purchase 1,416,000 shares of our common stock in a private placement transaction at a price per share equal to the public offering price, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $40.7 million. Mr. Musk will pay the purchase price for these shares with a portion of the proceeds of loans to be made by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs & Co. As a regulated entity, Goldman Sachs Bank USA makes decisions regarding making and managing its loans independent of Goldman, Sachs & Co. The terms of these loans were negotiated directly between Mr. Musk and Goldman Sachs Bank USA. See “Undewriting.”  Blackstar Investco LLC, or Blackstar, an affiliate of Daimler AG, has also entered into a stock purchase agreement with us pursuant to which it has agreed to purchase shares of our common stock in a private placement transaction at a price per share equal to the public offering price, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $16.4 million. Blackstar has also agreed to purchase up to an additional 67,475 shares if the underwriter exercises its option to purchase additional shares.  These private sales are contingent on the completion of this offering (and, in the case of the purchase of additional shares by Blackstar, the underwriter’s exercise of its option to purchase additional shares). The purchase price for the shares sold will be paid directly to us immediately subsequent to the closing of the sale of other shares of common stock offered hereby. We will receive the full proceeds and will not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares that are sold in the private placement. The shares purchased in the concurrent private placement will be subject to registration rights.
  183 LEGAL MATTERS  The validity of the shares of common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, Palo Alto, California. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, Palo Alto, California, is acting as counsel to the underwriter.  EXPERTS  The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2009 and 2010 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010 included in this prospectus have been so included in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock offered hereby. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. For further information about us and the common stock offered hereby, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed thereto. Statements contained in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract or any other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and each such statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the full text of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. We are required to file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You may read and copy this information at the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov.
  184 TESLA MOTORS, INC.
F-Financial Statements     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011 (unaudited)      F-Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December  31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 (unaudited) and 2011 (unaudited)      F-Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the years  ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three month period ended March 31, 2011 (unaudited)      F-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December  31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 (unaudited) and 2011 (unaudited)      F-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      F-F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tesla Motors, Inc.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ equity (deficit) and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Tesla Motors, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  San Jose, California  March 2, F-2 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(in thousands, except share and per share data)     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  F-3 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(in thousands, except share and per share data)     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  F-4 Tesla Motors, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)  (In thousands, except share and per share data)     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  F-5 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(In thousands)     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  F-6 Tesla Motors, Inc.
1. Overview of the Company  Tesla Motors, Inc. (Tesla, we, us or our) was incorporated in the state of Delaware on July 1, 2003. We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles and advanced electric vehicle powertrain components. We have fifteen wholly-owned subsidiaries. The primary purpose of these subsidiaries is to market and/or service our vehicles.  Since inception, we have incurred significant losses and have used approximately $374 million of cash in operations through March 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2011, we had $100.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. We are currently selling the Tesla Roadster automobile and are developing the Model S sedan which we currently expect to introduce commercially in 2012. To the extent we do not meet our planned sales volumes or future product releases or our existing cash and cash equivalents balances are insufficient to fund our future activities, we will need to raise additional funds. We cannot be certain that additional financing, if and when needed, will be available at terms satisfactory to us, or at all. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
In January 2010, we entered into a loan agreement with the United States Federal Financing Bank and United States Department of Energy (DOE), pursuant to the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program (ATVM), authorizing the commitment from the DOE to arrange loans for up to $465.0 million. See Note 8 for additional details.
In May 2010, we effected a 1-for-3 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock, and a proportional adjustment to the existing conversion ratios for each series of preferred stock was made at the time of the effectiveness of the reverse stock split. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the preferred stock conversion ratio.  IPO and Toyota Concurrent Private Placement  On June 28, 2010, our registration statement on Form S-1 relating to our IPO was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and our IPO closed on July 2, 2010, at which time we received cash proceeds of $188.8 million from this transaction, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. Additionally, we incurred offering costs of $4.4 million related to the IPO (see Note 9).  Concurrent with the closing of our IPO in July 2010, we closed a private placement transaction for the sale of our common stock to Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota) pursuant to which we received proceeds of $50.0 million from Toyota (see Note 9).  As a result of the IPO, our convertible preferred stock was automatically converted into common stock and our outstanding warrants, excluding the DOE warrant, were net exercised.  Unadjusted Error in In June 2010, we identified an error related to the understatement in stock-based compensation expense subsequent to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2009.  In the fourth quarter of 2009, we granted certain stock options for which a portion of the grant was immediately vested. We erroneously accounted for the expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the   F-7 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    award, while expense recognition should always be at least commensurate with the number of awards vesting during the period. As a result, selling, general and administrative expenses and net loss for the year ended December 31, 2009 were understated by $2.7 million. The error did not have an effect on the valuation of the stock options. As stock-based compensation expense is a non-cash item, there was no impact on net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2009.  To correct this error, we recorded additional stock-based compensation of $2.4 million in the three months ended June 30, 2010. We considered the impact of the error on reported operating expenses and trends in operating results and determined that the impact of the error was not material to previously reported financial information as well as those related to the year ended December 31, 2010.  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  Basis of Consolidation  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tesla and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The accompanying interim consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2011, the interim consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011 and the interim consolidated statement of convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ equity (deficit) for the three months ended March 31, 2011 are unaudited. The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly our financial position as of March 31, 2011 and our results of operations and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011. The financial data and the other financial information disclosed in these notes to the consolidated financial statements related to the three month interim periods are unaudited. The consolidated results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or for any other future year or interim period  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, and deposits approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. As a basis for determining the fair value of certain of our assets and liabilities, we established a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level I) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level II) inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level III) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data which requires us to develop our own assumptions. This hierarchy requires us to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair    F-8 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    value. Our financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist only of cash equivalents and current restricted cash. Our liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of our common stock warrant liability, and previously, our convertible preferred stock warrant liability.  All of our cash equivalents and current restricted cash, which are comprised primarily of money market funds, are classified within Level I of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices or market prices for similar securities. We do not have any Level II instruments, or instruments valued based on other observable inputs. Our common stock warrant liability, and previously our convertible preferred stock warrant liability, is classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy.  As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, the fair value hierarchy for our financial assets and financial liabilities that are carried at fair value was as follows (in thousands):     The changes in the fair value of the common stock and convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities were as follows (in thousands):     The valuation of the common stock and convertible preferred stock warrants is discussed in Notes 6 and 7.
We recognize revenues from sales of the Tesla Roadster, including vehicle options and accessories, vehicle service and sales of zero emission vehicle (ZEV) credits, and sales of electric vehicle powertrain components. We recognize revenue when: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
  F-9 Tesla Motors, Inc.
Increased complexity to our sales agreements or changes in our judgments and estimates regarding application of these revenue recognition guidelines could result in a change in the timing or amount of revenue recognized in future periods.
  F-10 Tesla Motors, Inc.
  F-11 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Development Services Revenue  Revenue from development services arrangements consist of revenue earned from the development of electric vehicle powertrain components for other automobile manufacturers, including the design and development of battery packs and chargers to meet a customer’s specifications. Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2010, we started entering into such contracts with the expectation that our development services would constitute a viable revenue-generating activity. Revenue is recognized as the performance requirements of each development arrangement are met and collection is reasonably assured. Where development arrangements include substantive at-risk milestones, revenue is recognized based upon the achievement of the contractually-defined milestones. Amounts collected in advance of meeting all of the revenue recognition criteria are not recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and are instead recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs of development services are expensed as incurred. Costs of development services incurred in periods prior to the finalization of an agreement are recorded as research and development expenses; once an agreement is finalized, these costs are recorded in cost of revenues.  Prior to 2010, compensation from the Smart fortwo development arrangement with Daimler AG (Daimler) (see Note 13), was recorded as an offset to research and development expenses. This early arrangement was motivated primarily by the opportunity to engage Daimler and at the same time, jointly progress our own research and development activities with the associated development compensation. All amounts received under the Smart fortwo agreement were recognized as an offset to research and development expenses, as we were performing development activities on behalf of Daimler, were being compensated for the cost of these activities and could not practicably separate the efforts or costs related to these activities from our own research and development.  Freestanding Stock Warrants  We accounted for freestanding warrants to purchase shares of our convertible preferred stock as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value upon issuance. The convertible preferred stock warrants were recorded as a liability because the underlying shares of convertible preferred stock were contingently redeemable which therefore, may have obligated us to transfer assets at some point in the future (see Note 7). The warrants were subject to re-measurement to fair value at each balance sheet date and any change in fair value was recognized in other expense, net, on the consolidated statements of operations.
For our Series C and other Series E convertible preferred stock warrants, excluding the DOE warrant, we adjusted the liability for changes in fair value through the completion of our IPO on July 2, 2010. At that time, the convertible preferred stock warrants were net exercised and the related liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. For the Series E convertible preferred stock warrants issued to the DOE (see Note 8), we adjust the liability for changes in fair value until the earlier of vesting or expiration of the warrants. Upon the completion of our IPO, the DOE warrant converted into a warrant to purchase our common stock and the related liability will continue to be adjusted for changes in fair value until the earlier of vesting or expiration of the warrants. If the warrants are exercised, the warrant liability will be reclassified to common stock or additional paid-in capital, as applicable.
All highly liquid investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. We currently deposit excess cash primarily in money market funds.  Restricted Cash and Deposits  We maintain certain cash amounts restricted as to withdrawal or use. We maintained total restricted cash of approximately $3.6 million, $78.5 million and $47.9 million (unaudited) as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and    F-12 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    March 31, 2011, respectively. As of March 31, 2011, current restricted cash was comprised primarily of $42.9 million (unaudited) of net proceeds from the IPO and the concurrent Toyota private placement that we were required to set aside to fund a separate, dedicated account as required under our DOE loan facility (see Note 8) partially offset by authorized transfers out of the dedicated account into our cash and cash equivalents during the year. Noncurrent restricted cash was comprised primarily of security held by a vendor as part of the vendor’s standard credit policies, security deposits related to lease agreements and equipment financing, and certain refundable reservation payments segregated in accordance with state consumer protection regulations.  Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  Accounts receivable primarily include amounts related to sales of powertrain components and the performance of powertrain development services. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations to us, we provide an allowance against amounts receivable to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we reasonably believes will be collected. As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011 (unaudited), we determined that no allowance for doubtful accounts was required. We typically do not carry accounts receivable related to our vehicle and related sales as customer payments are due prior to vehicle delivery.  Concentration of Risk  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Our cash and cash equivalents are primarily invested in money market funds with high credit quality financial institutions in the United States. At times, these deposits and securities may be in excess of insured limits. To date, we have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, our accounts receivable were derived primarily from the development of powertrain systems for Toyota (see Note 13) and sales of powertrain components to Daimler.  The following summarizes the accounts receivable in excess of 10% of total accounts receivable:     Single source suppliers provide us with a number of components that meet our manufacturing requirements. For example, Lotus Cars Limited (Lotus) is the only manufacturer for certain components, such as the chassis of our Tesla Roadster. In other instances, although there may be multiple suppliers available, many of the components used in our vehicles are purchased by us from a single source. If these single source suppliers fail to satisfy our requirements on a timely basis at competitive prices, we could suffer manufacturing delays, a possible loss of revenues, or incur higher cost of sales, any of which could adversely affect our operating results.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. We record inventory write-downs based on reviews for excess and obsolescence determined primarily by future demand forecasts. We also adjust the carrying value of our inventories when we believe that the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs   F-13 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory, including estimated costs to complete, and estimated selling prices. Once inventory is written down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.  Adverse Purchase Commitments  To the extent future inventory purchases under non-cancellable purchase orders are for excess or obsolete parts or the related inventory is deemed to be in excess of its net realizable value, we record a provision for adverse purchase commitments. Charges are recorded as a component of cost of sales. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded charges of $1.0 million to research and development expenses and $0.4 million to cost of sales. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded charges of $0.4 million to cost of sales. We did not record significant charges during the year ended December 31, 2010 or the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011 (unaudited).  Property, Plant and Equipment  Property, plant and equipment are recognized at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as follows:     Computer equipment and software   3 years  Office furniture and equipment   3 to 7 years  Tooling   3 to 5 years Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the term of the related lease. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Maintenance and repair expenditures are expensed as incurred, while major improvements that increase functionality of the asset are capitalized and depreciated ratably to expense over the identified useful life. Land is not depreciated.  In October 2010, we completed the purchase of our Fremont, California facility and certain manufacturing assets and spare parts located thereon. As these assets are not yet ready for their intended use, they are classified within construction in progress and the depreciation has not yet commenced (see Note 4).
Vehicles that are leased as part of our leasing program, are classified as operating lease vehicles. Operating lease vehicles are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the term of operating leases of three years. The total cost of operating lease vehicles recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011 was $8.4 million and $9.9 million (unaudited), respectively. Accumulated depreciation related to leased vehicles was $0.4 million and $0.7 million (unaudited) as of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, respectively.  Intangible Assets  Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011 (unaudited), intangible assets are comprised of emission credits (see Note 4).
  F-14 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Long-lived Assets  We evaluate our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, for indicators of possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment exists if the carrying amounts of such assets exceed the estimates of future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by such assets. Should impairment exist, the impairment loss would be measured based on the excess carrying value of the asset over the asset’s estimated fair value. As of March 31, 2011 (unaudited), we have not recorded any impairment losses on our long-lived assets.  Research and Development Costs  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, benefits and stock-based compensation of those employees engaged in research, design and development activities, costs related to design tools, license expenses related to intellectual property, supplies and services, depreciation and other occupancy costs. Also included in research and development are development services costs incurred, if any, prior to the finalization of agreements with our development services customers as reaching a final agreement and revenue recognition is not assured. Development services costs incurred after the finalization of an agreement are recorded in cost of revenues.  Advertising and Promotion Costs  Advertising and sales promotion costs are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, advertising, promotion and related marketing expenses were $0.7 million, $1.7 million, $3.1 million, $0.5 million (unaudited) and $1.1 million (unaudited), respectively.  Income Taxes  Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  We record liabilities related to uncertain tax positions when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense.  Stock-based Compensation  We recognize compensation expense for costs related to all share-based payments, including stock options. The fair value of share-based payment awards are estimated on the grant date using an option pricing model. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, net of estimated forfeitures.
We have elected to use the “with and without” approach in determining the order in which tax attributes are utilized. As a result, we will only recognize a tax benefit from stock-based awards in additional paid-in capital if an incremental tax benefit is realized after all other tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. In addition, we have elected to account for the indirect effects of stock-based awards on other tax attributes, such as the research tax credit, through our statement of operations.
  F-15 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    We account for equity instruments issued to non-employees based on the fair value of the awards. The fair value of the awards granted to non-employees is re-measured as the awards vest and the resulting change in fair value, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations during the period the related services are rendered.  For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable.
For each of our foreign subsidiaries, the functional currency is the U.S. Dollar. For these foreign subsidiaries, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are re-measured to U.S.
Dollars using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are maintained at historical U.S. Dollar exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are re-measured at average U.S. Dollar monthly rates.  Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations and have not been significant for any periods presented.  Comprehensive Loss  Comprehensive loss includes all changes in equity (net assets) during a period from non-owner sources. Through March 31, 2011 (unaudited), there are no components of comprehensive loss which are not included in net loss; therefore, a separate statement of comprehensive loss has not been presented. We do not have any foreign currency translation adjustments as a component of other comprehensive loss through December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011 (unaudited), as the functional currency of all our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. Dollar.  Warranties  We began recording warranty reserves with the commencement of Tesla Roadster sales in 2008. Initially, Tesla Roadsters were sold with a warranty of four years or 50,000 miles. More recently, Tesla Roadsters have been sold with a warranty of three years or 36,000 miles. Accrued warranty activity consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):     We provide a warranty on all vehicle and production powertrain component sales, and we accrue warranty reserves at the time a vehicle is delivered to a customer. Warranty reserves include management’s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace any items under warranty, based on actual warranty experience as it   F-16 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    becomes available and other known factors that may impact our evaluation of historical data. We review our reserves at least quarterly to ensure that our accruals are adequate in meeting expected future warranty obligations, and we will adjust our estimates as needed. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. The portion of the warranty provision which is expected to be incurred within 12 months from the balance sheet date is classified as current, while the remaining amount is classified as long-term liabilities.  Environmental Liabilities  We are subject to federal and state laws and regulations for the protection of the environment, including those related to the discharge of hazardous materials and remediation of contaminated sites. In October 2010, we completed the purchase of our Fremont, California manufacturing facility from New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI). NUMMI has previously identified environmental conditions at the Fremont site which affect soil and groundwater. As the owner of the Fremont site, we may be responsible for the entire investigation and remediation of any environmental contamination at the Fremont site, whether it occurred before or after the date we purchased the property. Upon the completion of the purchase in October 2010, we recorded the estimated fair value of the environmental liabilities that we assumed to be $5.3 million. The fair value of these liabilities was determined based on an expected value analysis of the related potential costs to investigate, remediate and manage various environmental conditions that were identified as part of NUMMI’s facility decommissioning activities as well as our own diligence efforts. Estimated potential costs are not discounted to present value as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated.
Our basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The weighted-average number of shares of common stock used to calculate our basic net loss per share of common stock excludes those shares subject to repurchase related to stock options that were exercised prior to vesting as these shares are not deemed to be issued for accounting purposes until they vest. The diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing the net loss using the weighted-average number of common shares, excluding common stock subject to repurchase, and, if dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of common stock subject to repurchase and stock options to purchase common stock and warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock (using the treasury stock method) and the conversion of our convertible preferred stock and convertible notes payable (using the if-converted method).  The following table presents the potential common shares outstanding that were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common stock for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive:      F-17 Tesla Motors, Inc.
  F-18 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    3. Balance Sheet Components  As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, our inventory consisted of the following components (in thousands):     We write down inventory as a result of excess and obsolete inventories and when we believe that the net realizable value of inventories is less than the carrying value. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded write-downs of $3.7 million in research and development expenses and $0.6 million in cost of automotive sales. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, we recorded write-downs of $1.4 million, $1.0 million, $0.1 million (unaudited) and $0.4 million (unaudited), respectively, in cost of automotive sales.  As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, our property, plant and equipment consisted of the following components (in thousands):     As of December 31, 2010, land of $26.4 million, as well as construction in progress of $30.3 million related to building, site improvements, manufacturing assets and spare parts, were purchased as part of our facility in Fremont, California (see Note 4). As of March 31, 2011 (unaudited), construction in progress also included assets related to the planned manufacturing of our Model S, including building improvements at our facility in Fremont, as well as tooling and manufacturing equipment. Capitalized interest on construction in progress is included in property, plant and equipment.
During the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, we capitalized $0.8 million and $0.7 million (unaudited), respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress.
  F-19 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Depreciation and amortization expense during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, was $4.2 million, $6.9 million, $10.0 million, $2.1 million (unaudited) and $3.1 million (unaudited), respectively. Total property and equipment assets under capital lease as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, were $0.6 million, $0.4 million and $0.3 million (unaudited), respectively. Accumulated depreciation related to assets under capital lease as of these dates were $0.1 million, $0.2 million and $0.2 million (unaudited), respectively.  As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, our other assets consisted of the following (in thousands):     As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, our accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):     As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, our other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):      F-20 Tesla Motors, Inc.
The fair value of the building and site improvements were estimated using the cost approach and therefore, the inputs are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy. Incremental due diligence costs of $0.7 million related to the purchase of the land have been capitalized to land.
  F-21 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Emission credits are classified as intangible assets and are recorded in other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The estimated fair value of emission credits was determined using market data related to traded emission credits and as such, these inputs are classified within Level I of the fair value hierarchy. The utility of the emission credits are related to the operation of the purchased facility and therefore, will be amortized over the same useful life. As the facility is not yet ready for its intended use, we have not yet commenced the depreciation of the facility or the amortization the emission credits. We currently estimate that building and building improvements, as well as the emission credits, will have an estimated useful life of 25 years.
In August 2010, we entered into a separate purchase agreement with NUMMI for the purchase of certain manufacturing equipment and spare parts located at the Fremont facility. This purchase agreement was subsequently amended to include additional manufacturing equipment and spare parts. In October 2010, we completed this purchase concurrent with the completion of the facility purchase. The aggregate purchase price for these assets was $16.7 million reflecting the estimated fair value of these assets. As these manufacturing assets and spare parts are not yet ready for their intended use, they are classified within construction in progress and recorded in property, plant and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheet. We have not yet commenced the depreciation of these assets. We currently estimate that manufacturing and related assets will have an estimated useful life of 15 years.
5. Reservation Payments  Reservation payments consist of reservation and membership payments that allow potential customers to hold a reservation for the future purchase of a Tesla Roadster or Model S. These amounts are recorded as current liabilities until the vehicle is delivered. For our Tesla Roadsters manufactured to specification, our current purchase agreement requires the payment of an initial nonrefundable deposit which varies based on the country of purchase. For the Model S, we require an initial refundable reservation payment of at least $5,000. For vehicles purchased directly from our showrooms, no deposit is required. Prior to the three months ended June 30, 2010, our reservation policy was to accept refundable reservation payments from all customers who wished to purchase a Tesla Roadster and require full payment of the purchase price of the vehicle at the time the customer selected their vehicle specifications. During the three months ended June 30, 2010, we changed our policy to require nonrefundable deposits for Tesla Roadsters manufactured to specification at the time a customer enters into a purchase agreement. However, we also occasionally accept refundable reservation payments for the Tesla Roadster if a customer is interested in purchasing a vehicle but not yet prepared to select the vehicle specifications. For customers who have placed a refundable reservation payment with us, the reservation payment becomes a nonrefundable deposit once the customer has selected the vehicle specifications and enters into a purchase agreement. We now require full payment of the purchase price of the vehicle only upon delivery of the vehicle to the customer. Amounts received by us as reservation payments are generally not restricted as to their use by us. Upon delivery of the vehicle, the related reservation payments are applied against the customer’s total purchase price for the vehicle and recognized in automotive sales as part of the respective vehicle sale.
As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, reservation payments in the amount of $26.0 million, $30.8 million and $39.4 million (unaudited), respectively, were recorded as current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2009, we held reservation payments for undelivered Tesla Roadsters in an aggregate amount of $8.2 million and reservation payments for Model S sedans in an aggregate amount of $17.9 million. As of December 31, 2010, we held reservation payments for undelivered Tesla Roadsters in an aggregate amount of $2.5 million and reservation payments for Model S sedans in an aggregate amount of $28.3 million.
  F-22 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    As of March 31, 2011, we held reservation payments for undelivered Tesla Roadsters in an aggregate amount of $2.1 million (unaudited) and reservation payments for Model S sedans in an aggregate amount of $37.3 million (unaudited). In order to convert the reservation payments into revenue, we will need to sell vehicles to these customers. All reservation payments for the Model S are fully refundable until such time that a customer enters into a purchase agreement.  6. Convertible Preferred Stock  On June 28, 2010, our registration statement on Form S-1 for our IPO was declared effective by the SEC and on July 2, 2010, we closed our IPO. As a result of the IPO, our convertible preferred stock was automatically converted into common stock.  The following table summarizes information related to our convertible preferred stock prior to their conversion into common stock:       * Net of $3.9 million conversion of Series A convertible preferred stock to common stock.
Each of our Series A, B, D, E and F convertible preferred stock converted on a 1:0.33 basis into common stock while the Series C convertible preferred stock converted on a 1:0.35 basis.  Dividends  No dividends on the convertible preferred stock have been declared by the Board of Directors from inception through their conversion into common stock.  7. Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants  In March 2006, we issued warrants to purchase 650,882 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock in conjunction with the conversion of previously issued convertible notes payable into Series C convertible preferred stock. The warrants had an exercise price of $1.14 per share and expired on the earlier of March 30, 2011 or an IPO. As a result of our IPO which closed on July 2, 2010, these warrants were net exercised for 184,359 shares of common stock. The fair value of these warrants as of July 2, 2010 in the amount of $3.6 million was recorded in equity on the consolidated balance sheet. Through the net exercise of the Series C convertible preferred stock warrants in July 2010, we recognized a charge from the change in the fair value of these warrants during 2010 in the amount of $2.6 million through other expense, net, on the consolidated statement of operations. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, we recognized a charge from the change in the fair value of these warrants in the amount of $1.3 million (unaudited) through other expense, net.
  F-23 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    As of December 31, 2009, the fair value of warrants to purchase shares of the Series C convertible preferred stock in the amount of $1.0 million was included within the convertible preferred stock warrant liability on the consolidated balance sheet. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009, we recognized charges from the change in the fair value of these warrants in the amounts of $0.1 million and $0.7 million, respectively, through other expense, net, on the consolidated statements of operations.
In February 2008, we issued warrants with our February 2008 convertible notes payable. The warrants allowed for the purchase of shares of either Series D convertible preferred stock at a price of $2.44 per share, which amounted to warrants to purchase 8,246,914 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock, or the securities issuable in a subsequent round of financing at the per share price of such securities.  On December 24, 2008, warrants to purchase 3,439,305 of the shares of Series D convertible preferred stock were extinguished as a result of the election of certain holders of the February 2008 convertible notes to exchange their notes and warrants for December 2008 convertible notes. On the date of the exchange, we recognized a gain in the amount of $1.3 million through other expense, net, in connection with the extinguishment of these warrants.  During the year ended December 31, 2009, warrants to purchase an additional 3,967,152 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock were extinguished as a result of the election of certain remaining holders of the February 2008 convertible notes as part of an exchange of their notes and warrants for December 2008 convertible notes. On the date of the exchange, we recognized a gain in the amount of $1.5 million through other expense, net, in connection with the extinguishment of these warrants.  In May 2009, we completed our Series E financing in which $50.0 million of proceeds was received for the purchase of 19,901,290 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at a price of $2.51 per share. In connection with this financing, the remaining holders of the February 2008 notes and warrants converted their notes into shares of Series E convertible preferred stock and converted their warrants into warrants to purchase 866,091 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock.
As a result of our IPO which closed on July 2, 2010, these warrants which exclude the DOE warrant (see Note 8), were net exercised for 160,688 shares of common stock. The fair value of these warrants as of July 2, 2010 in the amount of $3.4 million was recorded in equity on the consolidated balance sheet. Through the net exercise of the Series E convertible preferred stock warrants in July 2010, we recognized a charge from the change in the fair value of these warrants during 2010 in the amount of $2.7 million through other expense, net, on the consolidated statement of operations. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, we recognized a charge from the change in the fair value of these warrants in the amount of $1.2 million (unaudited) through other expense, net.  As of December 31, 2009, excluding the DOE warrant, the fair value of warrants to purchase 866,091 shares of the Series E convertible preferred stock in the amount of $0.7 million was included within the convertible preferred stock warrant liability on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we recognized charges from the change in the fair value of these Series E warrants in the amounts of $0.4 million through other expense, net, on the consolidated statement of operations.  8. Department of Energy Loan Facility  On January 20, 2010, we entered into a loan facility with the Federal Financing Bank (FFB), and the DOE, pursuant to the ATVM Incentive Program (the DOE Loan Facility). Under the DOE Loan Facility, the FFB has    F-24 Tesla Motors, Inc.
  F-25 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    advance for the applicable project. Upon the completion of our IPO and concurrent Toyota private placement in July 2010, we set aside $100.0 million to fund the dedicated account. Through December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, we transferred $26.4 million and $57.1 million (unaudited), respectively, from the dedicated account to our operating cash accounts in accordance with the provisions of the DOE Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, $73.6 million and $42.9 million (unaudited), respectively, remained in the dedicated account. As we expect to transfer the remainder of this balance within one year, we have classified such cash as current restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet.  DOE Warrant  In connection with the closing of the DOE Loan Facility, we have also issued a warrant to the DOE to purchase up to 9,255,035 shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.51 per share. Upon the completion of our IPO which occurred on July 2, 2010, this preferred stock warrant became a warrant to purchase up to 3,090,111 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $7.54 per share. Beginning on December 15, 2018 and until December 14, 2022, the shares subject to purchase under the warrant will vest and become exercisable in quarterly amounts depending on the average outstanding balance of the loan during the prior quarter. The warrant may be exercised until December 15, 2023. If we prepay the DOE Loan Facility in part or in full, the total amount of shares exercisable under the warrant will be reduced.
 Since the number of shares ultimately issuable under the warrants will vary depending on the average outstanding balance of the loan during the contractual vesting period, and decisions to prepay would be influenced by our future stock price as well as the interest rates on our loans in relation to market interest rates, we measured the fair value of the warrant using a Monte Carlo simulation approach. The Monte Carlo approach simulates and captures the optimal decisions to be made between prepaying the DOE loan and the cancellation of the DOE warrant. For the purposes of the simulation, the optimal decision represents the scenario with the lowest economic cost to us. The total warrant value would then be calculated as the average warrant payoff across all simulated paths discounted to our valuation date.
The prepayment feature which allows us to prepay the DOE Loan Facility and consequently, affect the number of shares ultimately issuable under the DOE warrant, was determined to represent an embedded derivative. This embedded derivative is inherently valued and accounted for as part of the warrant liability on our consolidated balance sheets. Changes to the fair value of the embedded derivative are reflected as part of the warrant liability re-measurement to fair value at each balance sheet reporting date.
The warrant is recorded at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other expense, net, until its expiration or vesting. The fair value of the warrant at issuance was $6.3 million, and along with the DOE Loan Facility fee of $0.5 million and other debt issuance costs of $0.9 million, represents a cost of closing the loan facility and is being amortized to interest expense over the expected term of the DOE Loan Facility of approximately 13 years. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, we amortized $0.6 million, $0.1 million (unaudited) and $0.6 million (unaudited) to interest expense, respectively.  Prior to completion of our IPO, the fair value of the DOE warrant was included within the convertible preferred stock warrant liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Upon the completion of our IPO on July 2, 2010, this warrant was reclassified on our consolidated balance sheet from convertible preferred stock warrant liability to common stock warrant liability. The DOE warrant will continue to be recorded at its estimated fair value with changes in the fair value reflected in other expense, net, as the number of common stock ultimately    F-27 Tesla Motors, Inc.
Stock options granted under our stock option plan on or prior to October 29, 2008 provide employee option holders the right to exercise unvested options in exchange for shares of restricted common stock. Unvested    F-28 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    shares, in the amounts of 46,421, 2,669 and 1,112 (unaudited) as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, respectively, were subject to a repurchase right held by us at the original issuance price in the event the optionees’ employment is terminated either voluntarily or involuntarily. For exercises of employee options, this repurchase right generally lapses as to 1/4th of the shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the vesting start date and as to 1/48th of the shares monthly thereafter. Due to the administrative burden and cost, we abandoned the practice of granting options with a right to early exercise. To date, we have always exercised our right to repurchase unvested restricted shares upon the termination of an employee.  These repurchase terms are considered to be a forfeiture provision and do not result in variable accounting. The restricted shares issued upon early exercise of stock options are legally issued and outstanding. However, these restricted shares are only deemed outstanding for basic earnings per share computation purposes upon the respective repurchase rights lapsing. We treat cash received from employees for the exercise of unvested options as a refundable deposit shown as a liability in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011 (unaudited), these amounts were not significant.  Stockholder Settlement  During the three months ended March 31, 2010, three of our stockholders who are affiliated with one of our Board members asserted a claim regarding the conversion of such stockholders’ convertible promissory notes into shares of our Series E convertible preferred stock at the time of our Series E preferred stock financing in May 2009.
In May 2010, we entered into a settlement agreement with these stockholders and pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, we issued warrants to such stockholders which, upon the closing of our IPO in July 2010, were automatically net exercised for an aggregate of 100,000 shares of our common stock. During the three months ended June 30, 2010, the fair value of these warrants in the amount of $1.7 million was recorded in equity on the consolidated balance sheet based on a Black-Scholes valuation. In conjunction with the settlement of our liability to issue such warrants, we recognized a charge of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2010, through other expense, net, on the consolidated statement of operations.  10. Equity Incentive Plans  In July 2003, we adopted the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan. Concurrent with the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form S-1 on June 28, 2010 (see Note 9), we adopted the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and all remaining common shares reserved for future grant or issuance under the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan were added to the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. The Plan provides for the granting of stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants of Tesla. Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive options or nonqualified stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees including officers and directors.
Nonqualified stock options and stock purchase rights may be granted to our employees and consultants. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, there were 9,407,975 shares and 11,821,166 shares (unaudited), respectively, of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan.
  F-29 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    The following table summarizes option activity under the Plan:     In addition to stock options issued from the Plan, as of December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, were 66,666 stock options that we had previously granted to non-employees outside of the Plan. These non-employee options outstanding had a weighted average exercise price of $1.80 as of each period end.
Additional information regarding all stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2009 is summarized below:      F-30 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Additional information regarding all stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2010 is summarized below:     Additional information regarding our stock options outstanding and exercisable as of March 31, 2011 is summarized below (unaudited):     The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between our common stock price and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, was $13.8 million, $250.1 million and $249.8 million (unaudited), respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercisable was $6.1 million, $75.7 million and $99.76 million (unaudited), and the intrinsic value of options vested and expected to vest was $12.3 million, $203.0 million and $206.0 million (unaudited), as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $0.6 million, $10.0 million, $ 3.6 million (unaudited) and $11.4 million (unaudited), for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, respectively.
  F-31 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Fair Value Adoption  We adopted the fair value method on January 1, 2006 in recognizing stock-based compensation expense. Under the fair value method, we estimated the fair value of each option award on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the weighted average assumptions noted in the following table.
   The weighted-average grant-date fair value for option awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, was $0.68, $3.00, $10.99, $5.81 (unaudited) and $17.02 (unaudited) per share, respectively.  The fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock options has historically been determined by the Board of Directors as there was no public market for our common stock. The Board of Directors has determined fair value of the common stock at the time of each grant of options by considering a number of objective and subjective factors including valuation of comparable companies, sales of convertible preferred stock to unrelated third parties, operating and financial performance, the lack of liquidity of capital stock, and trends in the broader automobile industry. We have not granted stock options with an exercise price that is less than the fair value of the underlying common stock as determined at the time of grant by our Board of Directors, with input from management. The fair market value of the underlying common stock was determined by the Board of Directors until the completion of our IPO when our common stock was listed on an established stock exchange.  Information regarding our stock option grants during 2008, 2009 and the six months prior to the completion of our IPO, including the grant date; the number of stock options issued with each grant; and the exercise price, which equals the grant date fair value of the underlying common stock for each grant of stock options, is summarized as follows:      F-32 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Included in our December 4, 2009 stock option grants were 6,711,972 stock options granted to our Chief Executive Officer in two separate grants. In recognition of his and our company’s achievements and to create incentives for future success, our Board of Directors approved an option grant to our Chief Executive Officer representing 4% of our fully-diluted share base prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, or 3,355,986 stock options, with 1/4th of the shares vesting immediately, and 1/36th of the remaining shares scheduled to vest each month over three years, assuming continued employment through each vesting date. In addition, to create incentives for the attainment of clear performance objectives around a key element of our current business plan— the successful launch and commercialization of the Model S—the Board of Directors approved an additional option grant to our Chief Executive Officer totaling an additional 4% of our fully-diluted shares prior to such grant as of December 4, 2009, or 3,355,986 stock options, with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of performance objectives as follows, assuming Mr. Musk’s continued employment and service to us through each vesting date:      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Engineering Prototype (Alpha);      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the successful completion of the Model S Validation Prototype (Beta);      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of the first Model S Production Vehicle; and      •    1/4th of the shares subject to the option are scheduled to vest upon the completion of the 10,000th Model S Production Vehicle.
 If he does not meet one or more of the above milestones prior to the fourth anniversary of the date of the grant, he will forfeit his right to the unvested portion of the grant.  Due to the significant number of stock options granted to our Chief Executive Officer, we valued these December 2009 grants by using the following grant-specific Black-Scholes assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.7%, expected term of 4.1 years, expected volatility of 70% and dividend yield of 0%.
Stock-based compensation expense related to Mr. Musk’s grants was $9.2 million, $2.5 million (unaudited) and $1.7 million (unaudited), for the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, respectively.  Included in our June 2010 and September 2010 stock option grants were 666,300 and 20,000, respectively, of stock options granted to various members of our senior management with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of the same performance objectives as those outlined for Mr. Musk above. As of December 31, 2010, the first performance milestone was achieved and the remaining performance milestones were considered probable of achievement. For the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, we recognized $8.9 million and $0.4 million (unaudited), respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the attainment of performance objectives.
  F-33 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    The following table summarizes the consolidated stock-based compensation expense by line items in the consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):     We realized no income tax benefit from stock option exercises in each of the periods presented due to recurring losses and valuation allowances. As required, we present excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options, if any, as financing cash flows rather than operating cash flows.
As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, we had $34.6 million and $48.0 million (unaudited), respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years (unaudited).  Employee Stock Purchase Plan  Concurrent with the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form S-1 on June 28, 2010 (see Note 9), we established the 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP) which is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Under the ESPP, employees are eligible to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The purchase price of the shares on each purchase date is equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first and last trading days of each six-month offering period. Through December 31, 2010, no shares had been issued under the ESPP. During the three months ended March 31, 2011, we issued 112,801 shares (unaudited) of common stock under the ESPP. A total of 1,666,666 and 2,502,948 shares (unaudited), respectively, of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011.
11. Income Taxes  No provision for U.S. income taxes has been made due to cumulative losses since the commencement of operations.  A provision for income taxes of $0.1 million, $26,000, $0.2 million, $0.1 million (unaudited) and $0.2 million (unaudited), has been recognized for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, respectively, related primarily to our subsidiaries located outside of the United States. Our net loss before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, is as follows (in thousands):      F-34 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    The components of the provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, are as follows (in thousands):     Deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and March 31, 2011, consist of the following (in thousands):     Reconciliation of statutory federal income taxes to our effective taxes for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, is as follows:      F-35 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Management believes that based on the available information, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized, such that a full valuation allowance is required against all U.S. deferred tax assets.  As of December 31, 2010, we had $369.1 million of federal and $278.0 million of California operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which expire in varying amounts beginning in 2024 for federal and 2019 for state if unused. Additionally, we have research and development tax credits of $8.0 million and $8.1 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. As of March 31, 2011, we had $422.3 million (unaudited) of federal and $312.1 million (unaudited) of California operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income which expire in varying amounts beginning in 2024 for federal and 2019 for state purposes if unused. Additionally, we had research and development tax credits of $8.9 million (unaudited) and $9.2 million (unaudited) for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. If not utilized, the federal carry-forwards will expire in various amounts beginning in 2019. However, the state credits can be carried forward indefinitely.  Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards in the event of an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Prior to our IPO, we performed a study and had determined that no significant limitation would be placed on the utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards as a result of prior ownership changes. We do not believe that our IPO constituted, or the current offering will constitute, an ownership change resulting in limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards; however, we have not yet performed a study subsequent to our IPO to determine whether such limitations exist.  Uncertain Tax Positions  Effective January 1, 2007, we adopted new accounting guidance related to the recognition, measurement and presentation of uncertain tax positions. As a result, we recorded net unrecognized tax benefits of $11.5 million with an offset to the deferred tax assets with a full valuation allowance.  The aggregate changes in the balance of our gross unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, are as follows (in thousands):     Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense and was zero. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, unrecognized tax benefits of $16.4 million and $16.7 million (unaudited), if recognized, would not affect our effective tax rate as the tax benefits would increase a deferred tax asset which is currently fully offset with a full valuation allowance. We do not anticipate that the amount of existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.
  F-36 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    We file income tax returns in the United States, California, various states, the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions. Tax years 2007 to 2010 remain subject to examination for federal purposes, and tax years 2006 to 2010 remain subject to examination for California purposes. All net operating losses and tax credits generated to date are subject to adjustment for U.S. federal and California purposes. Tax years 2005 to 2010 remain open for examination in other U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions.  12. Information about Geographic Areas  We have determined that we operate in one reporting segment which is the design, development, manufacturing and sales of electric vehicles and electric vehicle powertrain components.  The following tables set forth revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands):  Revenues     Long-lived Assets     13. Strategic Partnerships  Daimler AG  In May 2009, we sold 19,901,290 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to Blackstar Investco LLC, an affiliate of Daimler, for aggregate proceeds of $50.0 million. As we have provided and are providing development services for an affiliate of a significant stockholder, these transactions are considered related party transactions.  Daimler Smart Fortwo Program  In May 2009, we and Daimler formalized a development arrangement related to Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric vehicle program under which we were performing powertrain development activities since 2008. In May 2009, we entered into an agreement with Daimler related to the development of a battery pack and charger for Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric drive. We began development efforts in the year ended December 31, 2008 and    F-37 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    began receiving payments to compensate us for the cost of our development activities prior to entering into the formal agreement in May 2009. We received aggregate payments in the amount of $10.2 million during 2008 for our services; however, we deferred recognition for these payments received in advance of the execution of the final agreement because a number of significant contractual terms were not in place prior to that time.
As of December 31, 2010, there were no amounts receivable from Daimler related to this agreement.  No development services revenue from the A-Class development program was recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2010. Costs of development services incurred prior to the finalization of the A-Class agreement were recorded as research and development expenses. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, we recorded $0.5 million of such costs in research and development.
  F-38 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    Toyota Motor Corporation  In July 2010, concurrent with the closing of our IPO, we sold 2,941,176 shares of our common stock to Toyota at a price per share equal to the IPO price, in a private placement transaction pursuant to which we received proceeds of $50.0 million. As we are providing development services to Toyota, these transactions are considered related party transactions.
In July 2010, we and Toyota entered into a Phase 0 agreement to initiate development of an electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. Under this early phase development agreement, prototypes would be made by us by combining the Toyota RAV4 model with a Tesla electric powertrain. We began producing and delivering prototypes to Toyota during the three months ended September 30, 2010. Pursuant to the agreement, Toyota will pay us up to $9.0 million for the anticipated development services to be provided by us and during the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, we recognized $1.0 million and $1.2 million (unaudited) in development services revenue, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and three months ended March 31, 2011, we received total payments from Toyota of $0.5 million and $4.0 million (unaudited), respectively. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, there were amounts receivable of $0.5 million and nil (unaudited), respectively, from Toyota related to this agreement.
In October 2010, we entered into a Phase 1 contract services agreement with Toyota for the development of a validated powertrain system, including a battery, power electronics module, motor, gearbox and associated software, which will be integrated into an electric vehicle version of the Toyota RAV4. Pursuant to the agreement, Toyota will pay us up to $60.0 million for the successful completion of certain development milestones and the delivery of prototype samples, including a $5.0 million upfront payment that we received upon the execution of the agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and three months ended March 31, 2011, we completed certain milestones and along with the amortization of our upfront payment, we recognized $3.3 million and $14.0 million (unaudited) in development services revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, we had deferred $4.0 million and $3.0 million (unaudited) of the upfront payment in deferred revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2011, we received total payments from Toyota of $5.0 million and nil (unaudited), respectively, and as of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, there were amounts receivable of $2.3 million and $13.0 million (unaudited), respectively, from Toyota related to this agreement.
In November 2010, we sold 1,418,573 shares of our common stock to Panasonic at a price of $21.15 per share, which was the average of the trading highs and lows of our common stock from October 25 to October 29, 2010. As we are purchasing battery cells from Panasonic and its subsidiaries, these transactions are considered related party transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2010 and three months ended March 31, 2011, we made total payments to Panasonic and its subsidiaries of $23.0 million and $4.1 million (unaudited), respectively, and as of December 31, 2010 and March 31, 2011, there were amounts payable or accrued of $2.3 million and $4.4 million to Panasonic, respectively.  14. Commitments and Contingencies  Operating Lease  Our corporate headquarters and powertrain production operations are based in Palo Alto, California where we have leased a facility consisting of 350,000 square feet. This lease expires in January 2016. We also lease    F-39 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    office space under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through December 2022. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011, was $1.5 million, $3.2 million, $6.3 million, $1.4 million (unaudited) and $ 2.1 million (unaudited), respectively.  Capital Lease  We have entered into various agreements to lease equipment under capital leases over terms between 36 and 60 months. The equipment under the leases are collateral for the lease obligations and are included within property, plant and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheets under the categories of computer equipment and software and office furniture and equipment.  Future minimum commitments for leases as of December 31, 2010 are as follows (in thousands):     Future minimum commitments for leases as of March 31, 2011 are as follows (in thousands):      F-40 Tesla Motors, Inc.
  F-41 Tesla Motors, Inc.
(continued)    17. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)  The following table includes selected quarterly results of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2010 (in thousands, except per share data):         Three months ended        March June September December Total revenues    $ 20,$ 26,$ 45,$ 18,Gross profit (loss)      (2,046 )      2,7,1,Net loss      (16,016 )      (10,867 )      (4,615 )      (24,242 )   Net loss per share, basic and diluted      (2.31 )      (1.56 )      (0.66 )      (3.43 )   Total revenues    $ 20,$ 28,$ 31,$ 36,Gross profit      3,6,9,11,Net loss      (29,519 )      (38,517 )      (34,935 )      (51,358 )   Net loss per share, basic and diluted      (4.04 )      (5.04 )      (0.38 )      (0.54 )    F-5,300,000 Shares  Tesla Motors, Inc.
Goldman, Sachs & Co.          