The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information and financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to this summary, we urge you to read the entire prospectus carefully, especially the risks of investing in our ADSs discussed under "Risk Factors" and information contained in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" before deciding whether to buy our ADSs. This prospectus contains information derived from various public sources and certain information from an industry report dated January 16, 2019, as supplemented, that was commissioned by us and prepared by iResearch Consulting Group, or iResearch, a third-party industry research firm, to provide information regarding our industry and market position in China. We refer to this report as the iResearch Report. Such information involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the "Risk Factors" section. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications and reports.
We make the world a fun place through games and other interactive entertainment.
We are the largest game-centric live streaming platform in China and a pioneer in the eSports value chain. We operate our platform both on PC and mobile apps, through which users can enjoy immersive and interactive games and entertainment live streaming. According to iResearch, among China's game-centric live streaming platforms, we ranked:  first by the size of our user base as measured by average total MAUs on both mobile and PC platforms during the first quarter of 2018 and 2019;   first by the level of user engagement as measured by average total daily time spent by active users on our platform during the first quarter of 2018 and 2019; and  first by the number of top 100 game streamers with whom we contracted in December 2018 and March 2019.
The passion for games and interactions among gamers and game enthusiasts extend beyond just playing. Against the backdrop of eSports' booming popularity, China has a massive and growing gamer community that is seeking interactive and engaging entertainment through game live streaming. According to iResearch, China is the world's largest game-centric live streaming market, with approximately 4.9 times the MAUs of the U.S. market in 2018. Revenues from China's game-centric live streaming market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 24.7% from 2018 to 2023, which is nearly twice the expected growth rate of the non-game-centric live streaming market. Game-centric live streaming revenue accounted for 13.8%, 24.1% and 28.0% of total live streaming revenue in 2016, 2017 and 2018 in China. In 2018, live streaming annual ARPPU in China was RMB574, which takes into account both the game-centric and non-game centric live streaming platforms, while game-centric live streaming annual ARPPU in China was RMB365. The difference between live streaming annual ARPPU and game-centric live streaming annual ARPPU indicates significant growth potential for game-centric live streaming ARPPU. The average total MAUs of game-centric live streaming platforms in China are expected to increase from 255 million in 2018 to 400 million by 2023. As the leading  game-centric live streaming platform in China, we are well positioned to capture a significant share of this large and growing user base.
Our platform attracts a large number of highly loyal and engaged users. As of December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and March 31, 2019, we had 98.7 million, 182.1 million, 253.6 million and 280.9 million registered users, respectively. With 110.1 million average MAUs on our PC platform and 49.1 million average MAUs on our mobile platform, we had 159.2 million average total MAUs during the first quarter of 2019, representing year-over-year growth of 25.7% from 126.7 million average total MAUs during the same period of 2018. We consider our PC platform an important component of our business as it attracts PC users who are more devoted eSports enthusiasts and is a natural gateway to eSports games, which enables users to simultaneously play games and watch game live streaming. According to iResearch, we were the most searched game-centric live streaming platform in China based on average of Baidu's search index and ranked as the top free and top grossing game-centric live streaming app in Apple's App Store in 2018. Our large user base is primarily acquired through organic growth, with over 98% of our new mobile users in the first quarter of 2019 installed our apps without third-party marketing. Our diverse product offerings and continuously enriched content allow us to effectively retain users, evidenced by our 75.5% and 76.0% average next-month active user retention rates over the past twelve months as of March 2018 and March 2019, respectively. Our average next-three-month registered user retention rate was 69.0% and 69.2% for the same periods. Our large and loyal user base is also highly engaged, as evidenced by the average total daily time spent by active users of 17.3 million and 26.0 million hours in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively. The average daily time spent by each active user was 42 minutes and 56 minutes for the same periods. Our active users spent over 1.6 billion and 2.3 billion hours on our platforms and generated more than 2.0 billion and 2.5 billion bullet chats in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Our platform brings together a deep pool of top streamers and provides a sustainable streamer development system. As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, our platform had 4.6 million and 6.5 million registered streamers, including more than 2,000 and 6,500 top streamers, each of whom entered into an exclusive contract with us directly as of each date, respectively. These top exclusive streamers streamed an average of 4.1 and 4.3 hours per show in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively, and all of our streamers generated a total of 20.4 million and 30.2 million streaming hours during the same periods. Approximately 440 and 780 of our streamers had more than one million viewers during the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively. Approximately 491,000 of our streamers are managed through talent agencies as of March 31, 2019. Our exclusive contract model with top streamers helps ensure a consistent supply of quality content, which is effectively supplemented by the talent agency model that captures a large group of promising and rising streamers. With years of experience, we have developed a well-designed system to discover, train, and promote streamers who are already popular or have demonstrated the potential to become popular, and to help them grow and monetize their popularity.
As one of the first game-centric live streaming platforms to make the foray into eSports, we are strategically positioned to benefit from the proliferation of the eSports industry in China. The eSports industry generates highly attractive content and helps to transform our platform into an engaged and vibrant community. Through our investments in and collaborations with a variety of participants across the value chain, we have gained coveted access to premium eSports content attracting millions of viewers to our platform and enabling us to organize our own tournaments and produce exclusive eSports content only available on our platform which further attracts viewers and improves their stickiness. According to iResearch, we had the largest eSports viewer base as measured by average total MAUs that viewed eSports live streaming during the first quarter of 2018 and 2019. Our average total eSports MAUs were approximately 78.3 million and 125.3 million in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019, respectively.
We have built powerful technology infrastructure to help ensure a stable and optimized live streaming experience for our users. The optimized user experience attracts a large number of users on our platform and enables us to collect and analyze vast amounts of behavioral data leveraging our big data analytics capabilities. Investing in the user experience generates significant benefits for our platform. For example, since the implementation of our customized content recommendation system in early 2016, our user click-through rate for content recommendations on our home page increased from 18% in June 2016 to 49% in March 2019. Through comprehensive and refined content categorization, customized recommendations and development of new products and features, we enhance user experience to attract new users and increase user loyalty.
We employ a multi-channel monetization model. We believe the vibrant and interactive game community created on our platform drives user satisfaction, which provides diversified opportunities for user spending. Leveraging a large number of viewers and a deep pool of streamers, our monetization channels mainly consists of live streaming, advertisement and others. These channels effectively supplement each other and unleash future monetization potential. Live streaming is our main monetization channel and generated 77.7%, 80.7%, 86.1%, 81.5% and 90.9% of our total net revenue in 2016, 2017, 2018 and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. Our live streaming revenue is primarily derived from the sales of a wide array of virtual gifts. Our massive and highly engaged user base attracts advertisers from a wide spectrum of industries and allows us to distribute games for game developers and publishers, which has led to rapid growth in our advertising and game distribution revenue since 2016.
We have grown rapidly since our inception. Our revenue increased from RMB786.9 million in 2016 to RMB1,885.7 million in 2017 and further to RMB3,654.4 million (US$544.5 million) in 2018. Our revenue increased from RMB666.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 to RMB1,489.1 million (US$221.9 million) for the same period of 2019. We had net loss of RMB782.9 million, RMB612.9 million and RMB876.3 million (US$130.6 million) in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, and net loss of RMB155.7 million and net income of RMB 18.2 million (US$2.7 million) for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
We are at the forefront of the game-centric live streaming industry in China. We believe that the following competitive strengths contribute to our success and differentiate us from our competitors.
• Leading game-centric live streaming platform  Large and highly engaged user base  Deep pool of top streamers empowered by a comprehensive streamer development system  Strategically positioned in eSports to secure coveted access to premium content  Technology- and big data-enabled user experience and value proposition  Multiple monetization channels with significant potential  Visionary and experienced management team with strong shareholder support        Our Strategies              To fulfill our mission of making the world a fun place through games and other interactive entertainment, we plan to pursue the following strategies to grow our business.
• Further strengthen our position in the eSports industry  Continue to attract more viewers and streamers while investing in technologies  Increase monetization capabilities  Selective overseas expansion        Our Challenges              We face risks and uncertainties in realizing our business objectives and executing our strategies, including those relating to: our ability to retain our existing users, keep them engaged or further grow our user base;  our ability to attract, cultivate and retain top streamers;  our ability to offer attractive content, in particular popular game content;  our ability to maintain our market position in the eSports industry;  our ability to realize the benefits we expect from our strategic cooperation with Tencent;  our ability to align interests with certain existing shareholders who have substantial influence over our company;   our ability to manage our growth and control our periodic spending to maintain such growth;  our ability to reach profitability depending on our ability to grow in a cost-effective way;  our ability to implement our growth or monetization strategies;  our ability to prevent misconduct by our platform users and misuse of our platform;  our ability to evaluate our business and growth prospects in a relatively new market;  our ability to compete with other established streaming platforms and other entertainment mediums;  our ability to continue to grow or maintain our paying ratio; and  our ability to obtain and maintain the licenses and approvals required under the complex regulatory environment for Internet-based businesses in China.
We commenced operations and launched our live streaming platform in 2014 with the establishment of Guangzhou Douyu. Wuhan Douyu was established in May 2015. In February 2016, Guangzhou Douyu and Wuhan Douyu entered into an asset and business transfer agreement, pursuant to which Guangzhou Douyu transferred all of its business operations and assets to Wuhan Douyu (the "2016 Wuhan Douyu Restructuring").
In February 2016, Wuhan Douyu, Wuhan Ouyue, the successor of Zhejiang Ouyue which was acquired by Mr. Shaojie Chen in November 2015, and Mr. Chen entered into a series of contractual arrangements, by which Wuhan Douyu may exert control over Wuhan Ouyue and consolidate Wuhan Ouyue's financial statements. In May 2018, such contractual arrangements were terminated and replaced by contractual arrangements between Douyu Yule, Wuhan Ouyue and Mr. Chen. For details please refer to "—Corporate Restructuring Transactions."  In June 2016, each of Yuxing Tianxia, Yuyin Raoliang and Wuhan Yuwan was incorporated in the PRC by Wuhan Douyu. In November 2016, each of Douyu Education and Yu Leyou was incorporated in the PRC by Wuhan Douyu. These entities focus on entering into business contracts with streamers.
We underwent a series of restructuring transactions in contemplation of this offering ("Restructuring Transactions"), which primarily included: In January 2018, DouYu International Holdings Limited was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as our proposed listing entity. In connection with its incorporation, it issued ordinary and preferred shares to certain of the then existing shareholders of Wuhan Douyu based on their equity interests held in Wuhan Douyu. For details of the issuances of shares by DouYu International Holdings Limited to its shareholders prior to this offering, please refer to "Description of Share Capital—History of Securities Issuances."  In January 2018, DouYu Network Inc. was established in the British Virgin Islands and Douyu Hongkong Limited was incorporated in Hong Kong, both of which are acting as the offshore intermediary holding companies to facilitate our initial public offering in the United States.
• In May 2018, Douyu Yule, our indirect wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, entered into a series of contractual arrangements with each of Wuhan Douyu and Wuhan Ouyue, as well as their respective shareholders. As a result of these contractual arrangements, we obtained effective control, and became the primary beneficiary of, each of Wuhan Douyu and Wuhan Ouyue, or our VIEs.
We are a holding company and does not directly own any substantive business operations in the PRC. We currently focus our business operations within the PRC through Douyu Yule and our VIEs, Wuhan Douyu and Wuhan Ouyue. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure." Wuhan Douyu, Wuhan Ouyue and their respective subsidiaries hold our ICP License, the License for Online Transmission of Audio/Video Programs and the Internet Culture Operation License and other licenses and permits that are necessary for our business operations in the PRC.
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our significant subsidiaries and variable interest entities, immediately upon the completion of this offering, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters.
Notes:  (1)For the purpose of calculating the beneficial ownership of our existing shareholders and public investors, percentage ownership is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person or group, including the number of ordinary shares underlying share options held by such person or group that are exercisable or RSUs that will become vested within 60 days after the date of this prospectus, by the sum of (i) 27,969,895, being the number of ordinary shares on an as-converted basis outstanding as of the date of this prospectus, excluding 2,106,321 ordinary shares issued to Douyu Employees Limited, our employee shareholding platform established for the RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated 2018 RSU Scheme, which has waived its rights associated with these 2,106,321 ordinary shares including the voting rights and dividend rights before the corresponding RSUs vest pursuant to the vesting schedule, (ii) 4,492,473, being the ordinary shares issued by us in this offering, assuming the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, and (iii) the number of ordinary shares underlying share options held by such person or group that are exercisable or RSUs that will become vested within 60 days after the date of this prospectus.    (2)The sole shareholder of Wuhan Ouyue is Mr. Shaojie Chen, our founder, CEO and director.    (3)The shareholders of Wuhan Douyu and their relationship with our company are as follows: (i) Mr. Chen (35.15%), our founder, CEO and director; (ii) Linzhi Lichuang (18.98%), an affiliate of Nectarine, one of our shareholders; (iii) Mr. Dongqing Cai (13.18%), the beneficial owner of Aodong Investments Limited, one of our shareholders; (iv) Beijing Fengye (13.16%), 99.99% of its interests is owned by Wuhan Ouyue; (v) Beijing Phoenix (8.08%), an affiliate of Phoenix Fuju Limited, one of our shareholders; (vi) Mr. Wenming Zhang (3.92%), our co-founder, co-CEO and director, and (vii) certain other third-party investors.
As a company with less than US$1.07 billion in revenue for the last fiscal year, we qualify as an "emerging growth company" pursuant to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (as amended by the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act of 2015), or the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include exemption from the auditor attestation requirement under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, in the assessment of the emerging growth company's internal control over financial reporting. The JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company does not need to comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards until such date that a private company is otherwise required to comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Pursuant to the JOBS Act, we have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards as required when they are adopted for public companies. As a result, our operating results and financial statements may not be comparable to the operating results and financial statements of other companies who have adopted the new or revised accounting standards.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of at least US$1.07 billion; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than US$1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a "large accelerated filer" under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our ADSs that are held by non-affiliates exceeds US$700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Once we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will not be entitled to the exemptions provided in the JOBS Act discussed above. For details, please refer to "Risk Factors—We are an emerging growth company and may take advantage of certain reduced reporting requirements."        OUR CORPORATE INFORMATION              Our principal executive offices are located 20/F, Building A, New Development International Center, No. 473 Guanshan Avenue, Hongshan District, Wuhan, Hubei Province, the People's Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is +86 27 8775 0710. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited at PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. Our agent for service of process in the United States is Cogency Global Inc.
located at 10 E. 40th Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016. Our corporate website is www.douyu.com. The information contained in our website is not a part of this prospectus.
Unless the context otherwise requires, the operating data presented for our company in this prospectus excludes Gogo Glocal, a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands.
We acquired a controlling stake of Gogo Glocal in October 2018.
We have made rounding adjustments to some of the figures included in this prospectus. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals or percentages may not be an arithmetic calculation of the figures that preceded them.
This prospectus contains information and statistics relating to China's economy and its games and eSports market and game-centric live streaming industry derived from various publications issued by market research companies and PRC governmental entities, which have not been independently verified by us, the underwriters or any of their respective affiliates or advisers.
The information in such sources may not be consistent with other information compiled in or outside China.
Unless otherwise noted, all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to Renminbi in this prospectus are made at RMB6.7112 to US$1.00, the exchange rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 29, 2019. We make no representation that any Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any particular rate, the rates stated below, or at all. On July 12, 2019, the noon buying rate for Renminbi was RMB 6.8796 to US$1.00.
The following summary combined and consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss) data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018, summary combined and consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and summary combined and consolidated cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 have been derived from our audited combined and consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The following summary combined and consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, summary combined and consolidated balance sheet data as of three months ended March 31, 2019 and summary combined and consolidated cash flows data for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 have been derived from our unaudited condensed combined and consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus and have been prepared on the same basis as our audited combined and consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and operating results for the periods presented. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of results expected for future periods. You should read this Summary Combined and Consolidated Financial Data and Operating Data section together with our combined and consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Note: (1)Includes share-based compensation of RMB24.9 million, RMB17.6 million, RMB35.4 million (US$5.3 million), RMB4.4 million and RMB17.8 million (US$2.7 million) in 2016, 2017, 2018 and the first three months of 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The following table presents our summary combined and consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and March 31, 2019.
The following table presents our summary combined and consolidated cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019.
Non-GAAP Financial Measure           To supplement our combined and consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we use adjusted net loss, a non-GAAP financial measure, which is calculated as net loss adjusted for shared-based compensation expenses, share of loss in equity method investment and impairment loss on investment, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. Adjusted net loss is presented to enhance investors' overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of the historical non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. As adjusted net loss has material limitations as an analytical metric and may not be  calculated in the same manner by all companies, it may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. In light of the foregoing limitations, you should not consider adjusted net loss as a substitute for, or superior to, net loss prepared in accordance with GAAP. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on any single financial measure.
The table below sets forth a reconciliation of adjusted net loss to net loss for the periods indicated:  Key Operating Data           The following table presents our key operating data for the periods indicated:  Notes:  (1)Average next-month active user retention rate for any period is calculated by dividing (i) the sum of next-month active user retention rate for each month of such period, by (ii) the total number of months in such period. Next-month active user retention rate is calculated by dividing (i) the sum of users who visited our platform through PC or mobile app at least once in the next month after a given month, by (ii) the sum of all active users in that given month. Next-month active user retention rate is only available from September 2016.
(2)Quarterly average paying ratio for a given period is calculated (i) the sum of paying ratio for each quarter of such period, by (ii) the number of quarters in such period. Paying ratio for a given quarter is calculated by dividing (i) the sum of paying users in such quarter, by (ii) the average total MAUs in such quarter.
(3)MAUs refers to the number of active users, including active PC users and active mobile users in a given month.
(4)Average total MAUs refers to the average total MAUs during a given period of time calculated by dividing (i) the sum of active users, including active PC users and active mobile users for each month of such period, by (ii) the number of months in such period.
(5)Quarterly average paying users refers to the average paying users for each quarter during a given period of time calculated by dividing (i) the sum of paying users for each quarter of such period, by (ii) the number of quarters in such period. Paying user refers to a registered user that has purchased virtual gifts on our platform at least once during the relevant period. A paying user is not necessarily a unique user, however, as a unique user may set up multiple paying user accounts on our platform, and consequently, the number of paying users we present in this prospectus may not equal to the number of unique individuals who made purchases on our platform for any given period of time.
(6)Quarterly average ARPPU refers to average live streaming revenue per paying user for each quarter during a given period of time calculated by dividing live streaming revenue for a given period by: (i) quarterly average paying users for that given period and (ii) number of quarters in that given period.
